	data point ID	adjudicated	label	original text
421	441	adjudicated	TTA	"I, 33f, was helping my friend, 35f, cook for her birthday dinner. Another friend, 34f, was helping as well. The topic on who was coming to her birthday dinner came up, and a mutual friend who cannot eat pork due to religious reasons was coming. I noticed everything birthday girl had bought, meat wise, was pork and beef to be mixed together; not in just one dish, but all. I pointed out that one of the guests won’t be able to eat anything at the dinner, and birthday girl said “she can just have desert, it’s my birthday”. 

The other friend helping out joined in and it all turned into an argument. I asked if we could just do beef in one dish, and have the rest be pork and beef for her. Birthday girl said no, that she hates beef by itself and loves pork. I told her she was selfish for not thinking of others, and asked why she even invited that person knowing she couldn’t eat any of the dinner she wanted. She told me I was an asshole and that I needed to butt out and just finish cooking her dinner, or else I could leave. The other friend helping told me to leave it be and that we could talk to her about it another time. Am I the asshole?"
250	469	adjudicated	TTA	"I had a 2 year age difference with my sister. We never had a particularly close relationship. She had a kid (22M now, “Hunter”) when she was 21, and when she was 27, she and her husband got in a horrible car accident and passed away, leaving Hunter alone.

I was 25 back then and was struggling with poverty, homelessness and addiction, so I couldn’t take him in. He had no other relatives and ended up in foster care. Eventually I got back on track and even though I’m still struggling, I have a roof over my head and a warm meal everyday which I’m grateful for. When I got back on track, I had to work a lot and wasn’t exactly mentally capable to take care of a traumatised child on top of that, even though when I got significantly better when Hunter was 12, the CPS contacted me again asking if I would want to take him in and I refused because I never wanted kids, never was close with his mom and with him, even when he was little.

Hunter lives a life of crime, he has been in and out of jail since he was about 14. Mind that he was in prison for serious crimes, mostly crimes against persons. He’s not mentally stable and also not very smart. We’re not close and I’m afraid of him due to his history and because he used to harass me saying some disturbing stuff, it was so bad I considered filing a restraining order, but luckily he got to prison again.

Recently he got out of prison. He showed up at my house, which made me freak out because I moved right after he was locked up and he probably did stalk me. I was scared and I did a very stupid thing because I let him in. He tried to be friendly, but when I said I’m not interested in being in contact with him, he lost it, called me a bitch and a lot of other stuff, said that I dumped him and because of me he is “like that”. I said I couldn’t take care of him and the CPS would never allow me to take him in, he said I could’ve taken him in after I got better. I said I didn’t want kids and didn’t feel like caring for one. He called me a bitch again, spat on the floor and left.

I feel bad for him because he lives a pretty miserable life, but I’m scared of him and don’t think I could’ve helped him back then and definitely don’t think I could help him now."
247	38	adjudicated	YTA	"So, I (26f) moved out of a house that I shared with my roommates (20s M, M, and NB) a few months ago. We have all known each other for about a decade. Though it wasn't my idea to move out, we ended on amicable terms.

Today, I had a package accidentally sent to their place, and went to go pick it up. Unfortunately, one of my old roommates had already brought it inside, though I could see it from the porch. I knew none of my old roommates would be home and I still know the passkey to get in, so I just very quickly let myself in to get it and texted them all to let them know I grabbed it.

They all freaked out, saying I had crossed a boundary and to not enter their home without their permission and that they're changing the locks. They had briefly mentioned months ago that they would prefer it if they were home for me to grab a package, but I genuinely didn't remember that at the time."
26	497	adjudicated	ESH	I wrote a information article about how different ways people can use Ai for both personal and business. One sectioned mentioned how one can create necklaces mock-up, posters, clothings ideas and even models using Ai. My friend was upset I shared that article especially the part where I mentioned necklace mock-up. He asked me to delete it because he wants to be the only one exclusively with that information ,and doesn’t want anyone to know about it because it’s beneficial to his necklace mock-up business. I thought he was joking and I said no. He said I was being corny for not deleting it because I’m his friend and that I should be understanding because he makes necklace mock-ups and that he doesn’t want others to know and use it and he wants to be the only one. He said that I should understand because he’s going through financial troubles. He told me that if that was him he wouldn’t do that to me. I let him know that he’s acting like a victim and that I am not playing this reverse psychology game with him and that he is selfish for asking me to do that. I asked him if me posting this affects his money and or business. He said no. He said to me that I don’t understand what he’s going through and that he’s asking me for one thing. Now he’s not talking to me. AITA?
198	152	adjudicated	TTA	"A friend, lets call him Robert, asked me to help with a writing project as I’ve self published a few books over the years (nothing big, I just enjoy writing and don’t care if I make money at it).  After hesitating, he finally cajoled me into agreeing.    
We spent quite a few hours blocking, story notes, outlines, on a collection of short comedic stories/limericks.  The material is way over the top and not to my taste (think Lenny Bruce meets Beavis and Butthead but far more graphic) but he was excited about it.  He then shared this 'amazing' project with another friend of his, who I don’t know.  This friend is rather conservative from everything Robert has said.    
The friend was not impressed and thought the ideas were gross, vulgar and inappropriate.  At which point the Robert kind of threw me under the bus.  He said the ideas were all mine.  His friend also suggested he spend less time with me due to the graphic nature of the stories.  I was not happy when Robert told me this.  These stories were not my idea - at all.  I’ve since lost all interest in the project and he’s saying I’m taking it “too personally” and shouldn’t be upset as his telling his friend that has nothing to do with me.  AITA for backing out?  

Thank you for any input or thoughts.  "
229	59	adjudicated	TTA	"I'm getting married this year, and asked a close high school friend to be in my wedding party. We've been friends for a long time, see each other almost every other week, and generally get a long super well and have never fought until now. 

Since high school, she's always been a yo-yo dieter and will cycle through gaining weight and losing weight. This is something that I have never talked to her about, nor do I have a strong opinion about as it's her body. The most I get involved is that when she brings up trying exercise more, I'll invite her out on hikes with me, walks, etc. 

When I asked her to be my bridesmaid, she was ecstatic, and everything was great until she mentioned to me that she bought her bridesmaid dress three sizes smaller than her current size. She said that my wedding was going to be a great motivator to lose weight. 

Three sizes was quite aggressive in my opinion, as it would put her in a weight that she hasn't been in since college. I didn't say anything though as I wanted to give her the benefit of the doubt. After a couple of months of seeing no progress though, I quietly bought her the same exact dress in a larger size. 

Come this past week, she called me in tears saying that she didn't think that she could fit into her bridesmaid dress and felt horrible for ruining the dress code. The one she picked was now sold out, and she was panicking that she couldn't get another dress in time. 

It was at this time that I mentioned I actually bought her the same dress in a different size, and was happy to gift it to her free of charge since she already paid for the first one. 

When she heard this, she blew up and accused me of being a bad friend for never believing in her. She said that my doubt was offensive and that I must have been planning for this to happen. I told her that I just cared about her, and obviously wouldn't have mentioned the dress if she had lost the weight. But she herself brought up that she couldn't fit in her current dress, so I wasn't sure what she's mad about. 

She's now threatening to drop out of the wedding party, and some of our mutual friends think I was kind of an AH for not being supportive enough. But I also don't know what they expected me to do either. "
42	485	adjudicated	TTA	"I M29 and my ex F28 broke up after 7 years together about 3 or 4 years ago. We have 3 children together, twin daughters 8 and a son 4 next month. Our break-up wasnt the smoothest. Within a week of us breaking up i recieved a letter from child support services for a hearing even though i was already providing her monetary support and trying to make a plan for a place to stay so i could get the kids on the weekends. She kept the kids away from me for a year, constantly lied and dodged my process servers for family court until being forced to come by my attorney in our child support court hearing. I pay her 1300 a month in support on top of the 300 a month I pay in medical insurance. I also provide all clothes and food for the kids while in my care. 

A couple of weeks ago my mom asked me about a cash app request she recieved from my kids for around 300 bucks. My parents don't work, they both are disabled and are unable to. The request said it was something that the kids wanted, but when I asked my kids about it today because I didn't know they had access to a phone. They said that it was their mom's birthday coming up and they wanted to get her something. I don't know how to proceed without it being a huge thing.

WIBTA if i tell them it was inappropriate to message my mom asking for money through cash app?

Edit: Thanks for the replies, I talked to the kids a bit. Apparently they were given phones at some point. My parents phone numbers were programmed in, but my phone number wasn't programmed in and I wasn't told that they had phones either. I talked to them about the dangers of randomly requesting money and explained that if they wanted to do anything for their mom to come to me that way we can figure something out. It's weird because my ex went our entire 7 years and hated my parents they never talked. To this day my mom isn't allowed to pick my children up from school because of my ex fighting so hard against it in my parenting plan."
158	405	adjudicated	INFO	"In high school I try to be normal like following other girls habits like wearing fashion trends and keeping up with social media trends and socialising and being polite. I even have a friend circle that is pretty big with many being close with. I do all the fun after school hangouts and even have friends outside the circle. I believe I am an average teenager but there’s been this boy harassing me at school and it’s been keeping me up and making me stressed. He wanst entirely but partly the reason why I went into hospital because of anorexia (stress related) having two weeks to live if I didn’t go said by doctors. 
Anyways, I realised he kept saying hi to me at first but then my classmates revealed to me that he was bullying as when I went to my locker and he mockingly said hi the classmates said that’s mean and tried defending me. He said hi in a mocking way and always said m name at the end to tell everyone loudly and he kept doing this every time I met him especially in front of his friends. He did have a record of being mean to me like being racist and trying to put me down every moment even though I know im not a loner because I have many friends. I’m confused on what to do what to think because maybe I am a loner,  recently I told him many times to stop even in front of his friends saying it was harassment but he wouldn’t stop. I wonder if I should tell my friends about it and find a way to stop it or should I do something else. I don’t want to involve the teachers because it makes me look like teachers pet."
174	114	adjudicated	TTA	"Hello
So I (15f) was changing my clothes after p.e. class. A few of my classmates were also in the changing room, but they didn't exercise during the lesson so they didn't need to change their clothes. When I was changing, one of the girls opened the window (the changing room is on the basement level, but when you're outside the school [important thing to add, a lot of people walk past this window], you can see what's inside very well, there's also a sticker on the window to make what's inside hard to see). I got annoyed and told her she's weird for opening the window when I'm literally changing (I don't want others to look at me). The rest of the girls started defending her saying I'm mean and that only my opinion matters (ironically). They went on about it for a good minute. 
While I don't think I'm the AH in this situation, I wanna hear other opinions. 
So, AITA?

EDIT: I forgot to add they also kept leaving the doors open"
319	325	adjudicated	TTA	"My friend, who I live with, has been making small comments about me and nitpicking at my behaviour and then gaslights me into thinking I’m wrong. Her behaviour that she’s shown clearly shows that she has no respect for me which hurts because we have been friends for years and this behaviour only started after we moved in together. 

The other day she called me dirty for putting a utensil on the table after dropping it on the floor even tho I didn’t use it after dropping it, she insisted that I did and told people how dirty I apparently was. She bas also shows no gratitude for anything I do, made fun of me for my interests and hobbies and so on. So I spoke to other friends and they told me that I should take my things and move it into my cupboard and stop her from using it. She went out of her way to take it out of my cupboard and use it, if it were me she would be mad at me for going into her cupboard and using her things. 

The things in question are things I or my parents have bought such as spices, tissue, pots, pans, chopping board knives, and so on. She owns literally nothing, it’s all mine and she uses it. 

So am I the asshole for not letting her use my things making her unable to do things such as clean or cook?"
89	278	adjudicated	ESH	"The other day, I went to lunch with 4 mom friends of mine. I'm a SAHM and so is one of the other moms. Of the other other three, one works part-time and the other two full-time.

One of the moms that works full-time mentioned about how they had started to pay for a cleaner to come in every other week. They both work full-time and have two kids and were finding they couldn't keep up with all the chores.

The other SAHM was agreeing with her about finding it difficult to keep the house clean when her husband does only a few chores inside the house. She told us her husband's main jobs are cooking dinner, cleaning the bathrooms, and looking after the yard.

In my opinion that's a more than fair distribution of chores considering her husband works full-time. They have one child (10F) and no pets. I mentioned to her that it actually sounded pretty fair and that my husband has zero cleaning chores and mostly only cooks on the weekends if he wants.

I told her as he works full-time to provide for our family, I consider it my job to do the majority of the household chores. This isn't gender related in my opinion, if we both worked I would agree about splitting chores equally or if I worked and he didn't I would be expecting him to do the majority of the housework. I have five children, the youngest two aren't in school and I'm a carer for my husband's grandmother yet still it's easy to set aside a couple hours a day for household chores.

She strongly disagreed with me and she thinks her husband should be doing more and told me couples should split housework equally. I told her that I think she's being ungrateful to her husband who allows her to be a SAHM even now their child is older. I asked her what she does all day if she expects him to do half the chores and that she just wants an excuse to be lazy.

In the end lunch was ruined, she called me anti-feminist and an asshole. Two of our friends took her side telling me off for judging her(?). Was I the asshole here? I feel like I was pointing out the obvious."
330	159	adjudicated	TTA	"So my older sis Johannah (obv fake name) screamed at me the other day bcause i ate her food. So our dad have an apartment in the city bcause he works close to that apartment so on the work days he sleeps there. On the weekend me and my partner are sleeping there or my sister and her friends. So my sister wanted to throw a party there, but a day before i was sleeping there with my bf. We have an air fryer there and there was some frozen fries, maybe like 3kg (≈6.6lb), so i didn't go to the store to buy some food, we ate like ¾ (edit: i meant ¼, i just realized i wrote it wrong😭)from the fries. Well when i went home, my sister called me, and asked about the fries. I said yeah we ate some, but theres more in the fridge. She said that i ate all of her and her friends food. I said sorry, i didn't it was just her food. She said that i could've know, since who else would have bought the food? I said i thought our dads bought them (he did) to himself, me and u. Like all of us to eat. She called me a spoiled bitch, bcause i didnt asked her about the fries (there was like 2,5kg left!). She even said that i should be happy that she ALLOWS me to sleep in the apartment at all. 

When i told the story to my dad, he said that i just need to leave it, and next time buy myself food, so we avoid drama.

Also my sister had like 30 dollars and i only had 5 at the time.

So AITA for eating the food i didn't knew i was not supposed to?"
403	251	adjudicated	TTA	"When she(18) was sick last week, I(20) baked brownies for her. She took a bite and said ‘Tastes shitty.’ The she told me to take the brownies back. So I did and ate them with my friends.

Now she’s asking me to bake some cookies for her. I told her no and when she asked why, I reminded her of what she said last week. She said that I’m being petty for not baking for her when she only made what she felt was a valid criticism."
458	496	adjudicated	NAH	"So the title pretty much explains itself. We've been together for one year now and know each other for 2 yrs. Throughout the entire time we were tgt, I've always known that he loves going for a drink with his friends and I'm happy with it. But I feel extremely irritated by the way he act when he's drunk or high.
He offers to drive everyone back home. The recent event that made me come up here was when his friend started a fight with a passerby my of proceeded to assist the friend when the friend got a bit handsy instead of deescalating it. His reasoning was that a stranger was hurting his friend so he couldn't just stand by. I don't wanna see him in a fight even if I knew he would be ok. I would want him to just drag his friend away or calmly stop it instead of escalating it. I'm not sure if the reaction is normal for guys or it's just me. Now I want to take some space because I feel like I don't want to put up with it, always worried about him getting drunk and doing stupid things like driving high even though we have talked about it multiple times and now he seems to control himself a bit more. But I feel selfish because he's just being him, enjoying his life but to me, I just find it irresponsible. And if roles were reversed, he wouldn't just start thinking. Am I being an asshole for feeling that way?"
337	342	adjudicated	TTA	"Some background: We're a south Asian family, so we are slightly conservative but not as bad as some other families. I (17F) have been with my boyfriend (17M) for around 2.5 years now. We cannot see each other very often because my father doesn't know about our relationship. We broke up (on paper) before I started class 11th (or sophomore year for the Americans). I am preparing for one of the toughest exams in the world, which is why my mother is not too keen about me rekindling my relationship. We are deeply in love and are very serious about each other. 

We primarily communicated through Google Meet and it became very routine to stay on meet for hours talking. It was a very essential part of our lives, but it all came crumbling down when my parents put CCTV cameras in our flat about a month back. We have 4 bedrooms, one for my brother, one for me, one for my parents and one for guests. My parents both work, and I am currently at home to prepare for the exam. There is a camera present in the living room, my room and my brother's room. I was very against this for obvious reasons but my mother promised me that the camera would be angled so that just my desk would be visible and nothing else. A week back, I sneaked a look into my mother's phone, and turns out my entire room is visible. I have a moderate-sized walk-in wardrobe linked to my bathroom so no issues with them seeing things they aren't supposed to. 

They have checked the camera a lot of times to see if I'm studying or not and this has really affected my focus and mental health. I have snuck away to my parents' room every day while they were at work and called my boyfriend to sob on the phone. In nearly 3 years of us talking, he says he has never heard me cry like that. My parents, for some context, have never let me shut the door to my room, so privacy has always been rare. Growing up like this, I really value freedom so this has just been really hard to live through. My studies are so grueling that I do not see or talk to anyone except my boyfriend and my immediate family. I don't mind this as long as I can talk to my boyfriend but even that is just on the phone. My boyfriend begged me to talk to my mom about the camera situation because he cannot bear to see me so unhappy, but I'm scared that my mom won't understand the deeper meaning behind this and she will think it is just so that I can talk to my boyfriend in peace. Honestly, I think I will study so much better if I wasn't so monitored. I have stopped studying, like I just sit at my desk scrolling through social media or shielding the phone from the camera so that I can text people. As the exam inches closer, this can be really detrimental for my future. WIBTA if I tell them to take it off or I'll move out and live in a hostel when i get into a university?"
110	137	adjudicated	YTA	So me and my boyfriend both work in sales ( this is a commission only role). I am the manager on the sales team and he has done a lot to help me get to this point. He chose not to be a manager. Because of my role I earn double what he does and to make things worst he’s been having a rough patch in sales performance lately. I help him every now and again but not more than the other staff. Yesterday I went to work and I knew I wanted to do 5 sales as I have personal goals that I want to hit. When I was on 4 , he was still only on 1 sale. I knew I could get one more and I took it for myself instead of giving it to him. He’s now saying I’m selfish and he doesn’t want to be with me. So Am i the A**hole ?
369	446	adjudicated	TTA	"I(29W) am a Chinese-American with Chinese immigrant parents who worked very hard and provided me with a great life and who I respect a lot.

So me and my fiancé (31M) are getting married during next year’s spring and we are currently planning our wedding, as my fiancé is white our wedding would be just like a pretty typical traditional wedding with the white dress and vows, except 1 part.

In Chinese culture, we usually have a session where the couple will crouch on the floor, bow and offer tea to our elders, and to honour my parents, I suggested we do that at our wedding too.

However my fiancé strongly denied it and said that it was dehumanising and called me an asshole for even suggesting that as it meant that I thought he didn’t respect himself, which is untrue.

While I just wanted this to be a way for him to experience my culture, is it true that I’m forcing him to do something that’s dehumanising? I always thought this was just a respectful thing to do and have never questioned it as I grew up with my culture.

Also more info: 
My fiancé isn’t religious and he was born in America, with both his parents also being American, I believe his ancestors came from and Irish descent, however his family never participates in any cultural event. Where as my family are Buddhist, however I personally am not religious. In addition my fiancé has never expressed any displeasure with my culture in the past, as he is comfortable with attending cultural activities and holidays, which makes this even more shocking.

More info to clear up misunderstandings:
1st The ceremony isn’t like a kowtow, its more like where you kneel or crouch in a way similar to the way how Japanese people sit while the elders is sitting on a couch like object and the couple will pour tea into a small cup and offer it to the elders with a slight bow.

2nd I never forced/insisted after he denied to do it, and we are both calming down on our own."
64	79	adjudicated	NAH	"Throwaway for privacy reasons. I (28F) am 5 months pregnant with my first baby with my husband (31M). Both sides of the family are really happy with the news since it's the first grandbaby of the family. Things have been rough on me, with sickness, body aches and emotions being in high gear lately.

Yesterday, my SIL (25F) came over with MIL (50F) to give us some gifts. They're family heirlooms for the baby, that were at my husband's grandmother's home. We were all talking and having a good laugh when the topic of naming the baby came up, and my SIL beamed up and said ""She can't wait to name that cutie pie!"".

This kinda took me aback. I do know, that in my husband's culture, it's the paternal aunt who names the child, but I just find it kinda odd. I'll agree that the perfect names can come out of nowhere, even my name was given to me by my late great-grandmother but the final call was my parents'.

I asked SIL if she had thought of any names, and well the names she said, are not something I want for my baby for personal reasons. I told SIL ""I don't like the names"", to which MIL kinda gave me a stink eye and said, ""Those are really beautiful names, hubby and you should think about them, considering this name will stay with your baby forever"" ( even more the reason why I don't want the names ). SIL got a bit defensive and told me that she researched it from the internet and they were the prettiest names she found, to which I said ""They're pretty but not something that'd go well with the last name ( we're hyphenating the baby's name with my maiden name and hubby's last name ). I think at this point a passive-aggressive argument started, for about 15 minutes until Hubby came back.

Hubby and I talked after they left and he agreed that we should be the ones to decide the baby's name, but my reaction to the suggestion and the argument was just a bit harsh. AITA?

Edit #1: Somebody in my DMs pointed out that I should mention this in the post.

1. The names SIL chose are beautiful, but unfortunately, there is some history related to them. She told me two names, one for a girl and one for a boy. The girl's name is the same as my ex-girlfriend from high school through my first year of college, who cheated on me. She was my first love and I don't want a constant reminder of her, whenever I see my baby.

2. The history behind the boy's name is darker. You see when MIL was pregnant with SIL, she was supposed to have another baby. She gave birth to two babies, but sadly baby #2, a boy did not make it through. The name they were supposed to give to that boy sounds eerily similar to the baby name SIL suggested, which only creeps me out, not to mention, that it's a bit of a bad omen IMO.

3. One of the reasons behind MIL's reaction as one of you pointed out has to do with the fact of how much MIL dotes on SIL. She is the miracle golden child of the family, who made it and got into medicine, which is super tough to crack in my country. Though MIL has never done anything horrendous against my husband or me, it is clear that she has a favorite child, who can do no wrong.

Edit #2: Bit of an update, I called her up today, asking if we can meet. She is leaving day after tomorrow for college, so we'll meet tomorrow to talk this face-to-face. As for MIL and extd. family, there's a bit of drama going on apparently in the group chat, over the baby's name. Idk what is exactly wrong. I'll know once I open the gc.

Since a lot of you are asking, the naming ritual is from the Indian Culture. My husband and I are both from India but from different regions. The region where I come from has no naming ritual of sorts, but in my husband's culture, a ceremony is done 2 weeks after the baby's birth, where the paternal aunt names the baby. 

"
486	458	adjudicated	NAH	"Hey, Reddit, I need your judgment on this one. So, I (25F) have been with my amazing boyfriend, Prince (27M), for a little over a year. We recently decided to take the plunge and move in together, which led to the inevitable conversation about joint finances.
 Now, here's the thing: I've been saving quite a bit of money since before we met, thanks to some wise financial decisions and a bit of luck. My savings are pretty significant, and I never thought it was a big deal until it came time to talk about combining our financial lives.
 When the joint finances discussion rolled around, Prince and I were being open about our debts, salaries, and expenses. It was all going smoothly until he asked about my savings. I hesitated for a moment, wondering if I should have mentioned it earlier, but I finally spilled the beans about my stash.
 Prince's reaction was unexpected. He seemed a bit hurt that I hadn't shared this information sooner, and he even suggested that it felt like I was keeping secrets from him. I tried to explain that I didn't see it as a secret; I just didn't think it was relevant until we were discussing our financial future together.
 Now, I get that communication is key, but I genuinely didn't think my savings were relevant until we were at the stage of combining our lives more concretely. I've never hidden anything from him, and my savings were a result of my own financial responsibility.
  

  
AITA for not telling Prince about my significant savings until we were discussing joint finances? I love him and didn't mean to hurt his feelings, but I believe I was just being practical and transparent at the right time."
476	343	adjudicated	TTA	"My brother is almost 20 years old and didn't go to college and is living in parents's house and due to some reasons I have to share a room with him, he always bosses around me and nothing in the whole room is controlled by me. The only thing over which I have authority over is my table and everything in their moves according to him, even if I am shivering with cold the AC temp never changes, he can play all the loud music in the room when I am studying and my mom won't say a word to him. I have never really really been close with him since the last few years and barely even talk to him.He often stays at his friend's aprtment for night. Today he did the same thing again, he was playing loud music while I was trying to study but I said him to lower it and as always he didn't, my mom was also in the room and she did say to lower it but he didn't and he started to say that I am childish for always trying to start an arguement over small things and I said that I should have just stayed at the library, and he said ""then why did you come home"", in the heat of the moment I said "" It is better when you stay at your friend's house"", my mom got furious over this. It has been like an hour this whole thing went down and I am starting to think that I was acting a bit childish and should apologise to him. I am overthinking about the whole situation or did it hurt his feeling ? Should I go and apologise to him ?"
392	403	adjudicated	TTA	"So I (27f) have finished up my last year of uni and for an elective, I decided to take a Classics course on Roman Neumotechnics and Oration (interesting subject I know). This course is an advanced classics course I’ll add, so the standards are very very high. For context I have been at uni getting my undergrad for 8 years (life got well in the way and I had to put study on pause for a while).  

 I think I did pretty well in the first assessment but my lecturers thought otherwise. I didn’t even get 60/100 for the first minor piece. Ok fair enough, I’ll try harder next time. I admit the next piece of assessment I misread and misunderstood so I ended up with a mediocre 57/100. Ok I accepted that, it was my fault I misread what the assessment was entailing. 

I worked for 2 weeks researching before the final assessment which was a 3000 word essay worth 40% of the grade. I put my all into that damn essay, I used the school essay writing guide and followed it to the letter, I had amazing picture and literary sources and plenty of quotes from ancient and modern writers that perfectly attested to my argument. I spent hours painstakingly planning, writing, rewriting and editing before submission. I was sure I’d get at least a 65 this time. 

I got the results and I was crushed. 59, so not even 60. I was so upset that I cried for hours. I had worked so so hard on this one and it felt like I was a hamster running in a ball, giving it my all and getting nowhere. I was so upset that I emailed my professors and asked them if there was any chance they had made a mistake and to please reconsider my grade and I believed it answered the question perfectly. I added in my original email “With all due respect (professor) I simply must insist that you reconsider this grade.” I feel I was respectful but firm.

The professor wrote back saying that they will not be reassessing my grade and that the email was rude, demanding and disrespectful. They reintegrated the points I had lost marks on and went on a massive passive aggressive rant about how they had been marking essays for 15 years and to give them a bit of credit. They also insinuated that I wouldn’t do well in life if I was this demanding and rude in my personal life. I was so shocked that I never responded. I didn’t mean to be insulting, I was just asking what I did wrong. I even asked them to attach an anonymous student essay from that class that did get high marks, a request they ignored. 

My husband is sympathetic and supportive saying that I have nothing to worry about because I will pass and graduate anyway on the 12th but was I really an asshole? Should I have just accepted the mark and not contested it at all?"
358	213	adjudicated	TTA	"I (22f) and my fiance (26m) have been together for 3 years. English is not my first language so sorry for the mistakes I might do in this text.  We live in Canada so weed is legal here. He already smoked before we got together so I never dared to ask him to stop but I did talk to im about the fact that I would like if he could reduce is smoking because. I am in college and can only work a little because of all the time it takes me to study and do my homeworks while he works full time. Of course I help him every month to pay the bills and I often end up not having enough money to eat and he knows that. Also, he is always high (exept when he is working) so in the little time we can spend together when I am not working, doing homeworks or at school he end up smoking and falling asleep on the sofa or just being super slow and not wanting to do anything. In adition, if we go out and he doesn't have his weed or can't smoke, he will become very rude and will want to go home to smoke. I love him a lot but when I try to talk to him about it he gets mad and says he ""needs it to relax"". I sometimes wish I would be able to convince him to stop so we could reconnect but his weed really seams to be his priority and he also doesn't want to get help. I told him that if he doesn't stop soon it will ve over because I don't wan't to loose my time being with someone who's only goal in life is to smoke and that I will never have children with someone who smoke. I feal a little bad because I knew he smoke before being with him and I don't feel entitle to tell him to stop entirely  but it is also my relationship that is almost ruined now so I realy don't know what to do because of what he says he will not stop or reduce any time soon."
237	158	adjudicated	ESH	"My (30F) mother-in-law (65F) signed me up for her MLM company without my consent today.

My MIL hasn’t been talking to my husband (31M) for a couple of months now due to a disagreement related to horror movies & religion. 

After that, she stopped talking to him.My brother-in-law (38M) was forced to choose between my husband or his mom when there were birthday celebrations or dinners. Often he would choose my MIL because he wants his kids to spend as much as time her as possible.

That left my husband and I out of family gatherings. This weekend is his birthday and he wanted to eat out with the rest of the family so he decided to reach out to his mom to clear the air.

He invited her to birthday lunch with my brother-in-law’s family as well. She said she’ll go under one condition - he has to attend a seminar and sign up as her downline for her MLM company. 

Wanting to keep the peace he agreed under the agreement that I will not be involved. I didn’t want any part in the MLM company. MIL reassured that it’s no problem that I don’t want to join as long as my husband joins. 


Today was the seminar. My husband went to the MLM office with my MIL. She also gave him a birthday present. 80 bottles of juices from the MLM company. He got sad, not because he wanted any birthday present, but because it seemed like she was just trying to get rid them and disguised it as a birthday present. 

Because of that, he just decided to cancel the birthday lunch the next day. He still planned to sign up for the MLM just to keep his mom happy. 

She gave him cash, around 100k PHP and told him to signup a distributor. Then she gave him more cash and told him to add me as his downline. He resisted but she persisted and eventually signed me up. 

I received a welcome email from the company. I was upset because they still signed me up even though we agreed not to. I took the matter into my own hands. I called the hotline to cancel my membership.

They said they will process it and call me back. They called my MIL while she was still with my husband. She got embarrassed and got mad at my husband. 

My husband messaged me telling me to stop the cancellation but I stood my ground and proceeded.

When my husband got home and found out I continued with the cancellation, he called his mom to give her a heads up because if she still wants to reach her quota by next Friday, she will have to find a replacement for me.

She said that because of this, we will just have to live our lives without seeing her again. If there’s family gatherings, she will refuse to go if we are there. This again made my husband sad because for the first time this December, his dad will be home for the holidays. His dad works abroad and is rarely home for the holidays. So this would’ve been the first time in a long time that we’re complete as family. 

AITA?"
306	258	adjudicated	INFO	"Me (M35) and my wife (F27) are having a heated argument about rules for our next child.  One thing that we have done for our toddler son is that we ask each other for permission before sending any pictures of him out to friends/family.  This is something my wife wanted, but something I never agreed with, but have followed suit for the sake of peace.  Is this common between parents? AITA for wanting to not have to ask permission to send ordinary pictures of our children to friends/family?

Additionally, I have not been able to take my toddler son over to my mom’s house (or anywhere not already contemplated like school) without asking permission from my wife (and vice versa for clarity).  I would totally let her know prior to doing so, but i would like to not have to ask permission to do so for simple activities like that.  Again, is this a common rule? AITA? 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;"
231	89	adjudicated	TTA	"So me and my husband fell on hard times and decided to move in with my MIL in January until we could save enough money to buy a home for our then 2 toddlers ) my husband spoke to my MIL and she agreed that that was fine. Right after moving in we found out we was pregnant with our third child. It is now October and we have provided all the food since we’ve moved in as well as pay half of her light bill every month except for September. We’ll when October light bill came in it was $1300 because since we have moved in she decided to only pay half of the light bill every month ( only our part) and not pay her portion of the bill without telling us she has gotten so far behind on the bill. When the bill came in she told my husband that she was not paying it at all and we have to pay her light bill by ourselves. We just had our third baby the month prior as well as my husbands job not working their full hours and was a little short on cash. My husband asked her if she could please come up with half so they don’t turn the lights off because we have children that cannot go without lights and could not pay the full bill by ourselves along with our many other bills and she said no that she was not paying any of it. I then decided since she wanted to do me and my children like that and not even try to help come up with some of it, that we would move out. We moved out right when they turned the lights off so we left her with no lights or food(because we was providing food) she is telling everybody that we are wrong for doing that to her and basically we and our kids should have stayed in a house with no lights bc she has to(even tho she is the one that decided not to help pay HER bill). AITA for moving my family out and leaving her with no lights or food ? 
Edit: she got the house from her dead father 5 years ago she has completely lived off of his money alone in the past 5 years. She has been quit a terrible mother to my husband (so he says and his stories) she has completely let go of the house since getting it has not even attempted to keep it up. She does not pay her taxes/mortgage so we have to do so (bc my husband said if we don’t she’ll loose it for not paying and he wants it when she dies bc it was his grandfathers) she has stollen money from me since being with her son on different occasions. She doesn’t even speak to any of her grandchildren (my kids) she will go 2-3 weeks without even saying hey to them in passing. She does not cooking and absolutely no cleaning of anything. She stays in her room 24/7 and makes my husband do everything for her (like bring her every meal) and also expects me to do the same( she got mad at me for not opening a door for her when she arrived home) she told my husband that’s why she had him for him to take care of her. Note she isn’t elderly she is only 50"
351	412	adjudicated	NAH	"My wife and I who don't have any children live near my parents.  My sister and BIL live about 2,000 miles away have two children and they fly in for alternating holidays.   Since we live within an easy drive from my parents we get to spend most holidays with my parents.  My sister and BIL don't do so well planning anything in advance, so it can make planning holidays or activities challenging to say the least.  On the holidays they aren't in town, we obviously like to call/facetime them.  The frustration is they refuse to tell us when they'll call and it's often in the middle of the holiday dinner or some other time when the whole world has to stop for to take the call.   We've also been to nice restaurants/events when they've called and my parents will just run out of the restaurant/event to take the call.   If they call me or my wife and we're in the middle of something, we just don't take the call, but my parents will stop everything no matter what/where/when to take the call.

This year, we are hosting Thanksgiving for both my wife's entire family and my parents at our home.  Sister and BIL are not coming, so I'm fully expecting and wanting them to call, just not in the middle of dinner.   There will be about 15 people at our home.  Would I be the asshole if I told my parents and sister that they needed to pick a time to call that's not while we are sitting down to Thanksgiving dinner?  I have no problem with them taking some time out of the day for a call, but I think it's rude and disrespectful to take a call in the middle of dinner for 15 people when with a little bit of planning they can call at just about any other time of day.  I don't want to look like I'm jealous or don't want to talk to my out of town family, just would like to plan a little so all those at dinner can be present together and enjoy a relaxing time.  All it would take is ""Hey Sister/Daughter, let's plan for a call today sometime other than 5pm""

We do try to call them too, but they rarely pick up their phones so we always have to wait for them to call or call us back."
54	193	adjudicated	NAH	"She has been dating the same guy for two years now. Throughout their whole relationship, they have had a lot of explosive arguments where he is clearly being emotionally manipulative. I was her roommate for most of their relationship, so I heard and saw almost everything.
Recently, it’s become too much to handle. She tells me after every fight they have, and I have given her SO much advice, but I feel like I’m wasting my breath at this point. There is nothing this man could do to where she would leave him. She’s even admitted to herself that she wouldn’t marry him, doesn’t have an emotional connection anymore, and she moved out of his apartment. Yet she STILL won’t break up with him.
I have never expressed annoyance because I don’t want her to feel alone and trapped in a toxic relationship - she’s still my best friend - but I am seriously debating telling her to stop coming to me. 
They had a huge fight recently and he did some things that she would never have been okay with had I been in her place - telling her to shut up, throwing things, etc. She moved out and kept saying she was going to break up with him, but then she goes right back every time. 
Her mother, father, brother, sister, best friends, cousins, boss, coworkers - EVERYONE - has told her to dump him and that he’s mean to her. 
I feel like I’m being a bad friend by getting annoyed but it is INCESSANT and it’s the same issue every single time, and every single time my advice goes in one ear & out the other. She’ll agree with me when heated that he doesn’t treat her right and she deserves better, but then she’ll go right back into bed with him. 
How do I tell her I can’t deal with it anymore? I feel as if at this point she’s completely self aware of the situation but she is actively ignoring it and nothing anyone can say will change her mind."
339	95	adjudicated	ESH	"i (24F) recently quit my job. it was at this small restaurant (not a chain more like a mom and pop restaurant) and i was a manager there for almost a year, but i worked for the owner for almost five years. I finally felt like it was time to quit since i was about to graduate from college. so i put in my two weeks, started training someone to take my place, and started to hire more people as well. In these two weeks i still did manager duties like making the schedule, checked on inventory, placed orders for coke products, and etc. Well payday rolls around and i pick up my check and my pay was cut DRASTICALLY. to put into perspective my checks would be about $1200 biweekly, and with this check i was paid $650… i worked the same hours, did all my manager duties, even trained the new staff that would take my place since i didn’t want to burden the owner. When i confronted the owner about my pay all they said was “well you’re quitting?? you’re not the manager anymore so you’re not getting the manager pay.” when he said that my face was getting hot and i started to shake because i really saw the owners as family. i just sighed and walked out. i had already scheduled myself for 7 more shifts after that day, but I didn’t show up. He didn’t respect me so why continue to show up. My bf was telling me i should’ve at least went in and did the bare minimum, but even seeing the owner probably would’ve sent me into a rage. I told my bf that he essentially stole $600 from me and now made it hard for me to pay most of my bills. 

*Sorry this is my first time making a reddit post and i just need to get this off my chest"
97	75	adjudicated	TTA	"So this happened a long long time ago, but it's always bothered me. Figured I'd make a throwaway and see what y'all have to say about it.

I (20-something F) and another 20-something F moved separately into a rented house already occupied by a 30-something F. 30F was just a regular tenant like us, with no special authority over the house. We newbies were university students in biology-adjacent areas, 30F was  an office worker. The house did not have a separate laundry area and it did not have a separate sink for washing clothes by hand - both of these were the norm in our area, it was just that this was an old, small house. We worked around it.

30F had family living on a cattle farm nearby, and would visit them occasionally. She believed that she was a clean person, and to that end she would carefully wash her shoes after her visits. Presumably to keep from tracking mud into the house. Problem was that because we didn't have a laundry sink she would do this in the kitchen sink, where we would also wash our dishes and prepare food. She was very proud of the fact that she took the trouble to clean the sink after washing her shoes with Jif, which was just a mildly abrasive cream-type cleaner, with no disinfectant properties.

We 20Fs objected to this on hygiene grounds - due to our biology studies, we were aware of the wide range of micro-organisms present on the ground in and around farms, and were concerned that these would find their way into our sink. We also believed that the cleaning product 30F was using was completely inadequate, and said so. When 30F asked what she wanted us to do instead, because we had no laundry sink, we suggested she use a bucket outside. She did, but protested loudly during and after this process that we had made her feel like she was dirty by implying that she was unhygienic, that we were ganging up on her, how none of the previous tenants had complained, that she always cleaned the sink afterwards, and on and on. We also suggested that she keep a separate pair of shoes to wear on the farm, but that wouldn't work for her either, I don't remember exactly why. I guess 30F could have used a proper disinfectant when cleaning the sink, but on the day that this blew up, we didn't have any in the house. 

So, 30F had a long period of washing her shoes in the kitchen sink without incident or complaint from previous tenants. We two 20Fs had biology degrees and strong feelings about hygiene. WWTA?"
41	93	adjudicated	TTA	"My friend and I went for a trip to their family cabin. My friend is currently unemployed and looking for work. Their car is older and I just bought a new car 2 months ago. They asked if we could use my car for the trip and I said that would be ok and drove most of the way to the cabin, which was a long trip. Closer to our destination, they started pushing the idea of driving since they knew the area. Apparently there was a really steep uphill up to their cabin and instead of asking first, they ran it quickly and in a reckless way. They said they felt the car could get stuck and better to ask for forgiveness than permission. We had an amazing time the next day but then they suggested going for a hike to a secluded area they knew. Again they offered driving around the whole day since they knew the area. The place for the hike was a hidden entrance to some campgrounds surrounded by trees which I didnt know, and they parked the car to the side of the path. I didnt think much of it until we came back and had to turn the car around. My friend was trying to turn the car but with so many trees around it was difficult, but they were moving quickly and backing into bushes in a way that made me uncomfortable. The car got a log stuck underneath the front bumber and they just forced their way out and the car made a loud noise. Once we got home my friend noticed the front left side of the bumper had gotten dislodged and my car had scratches in the front and back bumpers. My friend was apologetic but some of their comments bothered me, like: 'that is the thing with cars. It's only going to get more dented and scratched with time"". When it came to fixing the repairs they offered to pay for half. WIBTAH for asking them to pay for all the repairs?


Edit: to clarify the insurance situation, both my friend and I have full coverage. In a situation where someone is driving my car, unfortunately my insurancw would be the one to pay which would make my premiums higher. I don't want that so id prefer to pay for repairs of out pocket"
43	185	adjudicated	INFO	"My niece is a brat but she’s 4, my sister rarely comes over anymore, she used to live with us but she’s hanging out with some other guy and now she only comes to hang out with her for a day or two but I understand why. She’s in her 20’s and focusing on work so she can take care of my niece. 

It’s always late at night before I get the gut wrenching, “I miss my mom” or “I’m calling my mom” often to get her mom to yell at me in order to get what she wants since she’s at work and it’s in the middle of the night. This has been going on for 6 months.

My niece recently made a habit of sleeping with her mom on the phone, often when she’s busy at work but the flaw in this is that she always ends up crying herself to sleep because her mom is busy and she misses her. I recently got yelled at for messing up her sleep schedule so I thought since her crying herself to sleep pretty much knocks her out maybe that’ll help? 

However I feel horrible doing this because just last night she cried waiting for her mom to say I love you back but she didn’t so she kept repeating it before turning around and falling asleep."
103	322	adjudicated	TTA	"I’ll try to be quick but it’s a long story.

I 17F am currently in senior year. I was friends with a guy called Tom (hes also 17) since preschool as we’re neighbours. We talked a lot and were best friends until he started talking to another guy, Jake (also 17), in middle school. Jake seemed to dislike me and he influenced Tom against me to the point that they TP’ed my house multiple times and were mean to me in general. Tom is a quiet and gentle guy while Jake is his exact opposite, but for some reason they became best friends.

Fast forward to high school, when we were in sophomore year, we had a new girl in our class, Chloe, now also 17. I started talking to Chloe and we started hanging out daily, we spent a lot of time together. In a month or so Chloe started to hang out with Jake and Tom. I warned her that Jake is a problematic person as he often starts drama, is rude to people, gets in trouble often, but she didn’t listen. Luckily it didn’t influence our friendship in a negative way, however Jake was a bad influence on Chloe as they went on parties with booze and weed even though they’re underage.

Then junior year came, I was still talking to Chloe, we became best friends. Around then Chloe started dating Jake and they were intimate with each other. I told her that Jake is toxic and controlling in a relationship as I knew a girl who was seeing him in junior year personally and he was abusive. Chloe said he changed and is now a better person, I said whatever and didn’t let it affect my relationship with Chloe even though Jake and Tom kept harassing me in various ways, including photoshopping my pics in a nasty way and sending them to everyone in school.

Recently Jake and Tom did a very stupid and illegal thing, it was so bad that Jake got time in juvie and Tom got community service. Chloe came to me crying and I was comforting her saying that it’s not her fault. However, I told her that it was something that could’ve been expected of Jake and that I warned her about it. I didn’t blame it on her or anything, I just said that it was nothing unexpected. Obviously Chloe got upset, yelled at me and told me I’m a bad friend."
213	299	adjudicated	TTA	"My partner and I own a house together in a quiet but built-up residential area with neighbours closely surrounding. The house itself is an end-terrace, with our adjoined neighbour living with her elderly mother and young daughter.

Occasionally my partner invites her friend over, gets drunk, and plays excessively loud music - we have a Dolby Atmos surround sound system with a subwoofer which gets turned up to full volume. The music distorts, the floor and walls are vibrating, and it's definitely going to be heard at the end of the street. This goes on for several hours, with bass-heavy music late into the night.

I do not approve of the music being played this loudly, as I have been brought up to be respectful of my neighbours and don't like to annoy people. I'm all for music being played and them having a good time, but feel music can still be enjoyed at a lower volume level without disturbing the whole street.

But my partner fails to see my point of view and thinks it's okay because it only happens occasionally, and 'nobody has complained yet'. She often moans when we can hear our neighbour's young daughter running around the house through the walls, and uses this as an excuse because 'they make noise next door', which I view as being hypocritical.

It's become a point of contention in the relationship because she thinks I'm being 'boring' when I feel I am just being 'respectful'.

What are your thoughts?

&#x200B;"
395	434	adjudicated	NAH	"A close friend of mine is getting married in April. She’s selected four of us to be in her wedding party in addition to her sister. We’re all in our late 20s/early 30s.

I’ve known her for several years and already knew that her wedding, whenever that day happened, would be elaborate. She wants to do group activities with all the ladies, including a mini trip away into the mountains for spa things, wine tasting, and hiking. Although I did mention that a mountain hike in the weeks/months leading up to D-Day is ill-advised, I was totally stoked and grateful. Until she told us that she hired a trainer and nutrition coach for the bridal party. Meaning weekly workouts and tailored eating plans, etc. she says she just wants us all to look our best for the pictures and fit into the dresses. She’s worried about “bad aesthetics”.

I think this is a bit over the top and kind of inappropriate. Only one other bridesmaid has spoken up besides me, but she super quickly changed her tune after Bride said that she’d already spent so much money on everything.

I’m recovering from anorexia/orthorexia, and no one in the party knows about it because it’s none of their business. I’m not comfortable with this at all, and honestly all these women, including the bride, are so vain and body conscious that I can’t bear the next six months listening to them.

I told her this and she wasn’t happy at all, played the “I’ve never had a special day” card and reminded me that she’s paying for literally everything and I’m being an ungrateful AH.

My boyfriend soft agrees bc 1. he’s a groomsman and it would be awkward, and 2. He thinks if I tell her about my ED, she’ll understand. I shouldn’t have to disclose that info.

WIBTA for dropping out of the whole ordeal and/or skipping the whole event?"
234	360	adjudicated	TTA	"So to start off, a few guy friends and I (25m) took a trip to an all inclusive resort to enjoy some nice weather before winter really kicks in back home. As this is an all-inclusive, alcohol is unlimited and free here, so my friends want to take advantage and get their money’s worth. 

Onto me, my whole life drinking hasn’t been a big deal for me. I do have relatives that drink a lot, but in my immediate family, it was never pushed but also not looked down on either. So when I got to be old enough to go to college, I tried it and just didn’t see the appeal. Imo it’s unhealthy, tastes bad, and is expensive, and I just don’t get any sort of good/euphoric feeling in return to justify those negatives. However, I totally understand that not everyone feels this way, and I have no issue with that so long as the people drinking don’t make it my issue (babysitting them while they throw up, babysitting them while breaking rules that could get all of us kicked out of somewhere, babysitting them from bothering other people, etc.). To give an an example of exactly how much I don’t care, I was at a music festival last year and a guy right next to me snorted coke and I just kept doing my own thing. I hope that paints the picture that I’m not an “anti-drinker” I’m just a “non-drinker”. 

Now the second thought everyone might have is that my friends want me to drink with them because I’m being a buzzkill or something. I don’t want to seem to arrogant or anything, but I’ve never had issues with this in the past. I’ve had people at music festivals ask if I was on coke or molli because I have a lot of energy and was having a lot of fun. I also used to go to a ton of meetups at bars and successfully met people without drinking at the bars. 

So onto the problem, my friends keep pressuring me to drink with them. I’ve had a few strawberry daiquiris and stuff here and there because I already paid for them and they taste good, but I’m not trying to get trashed where as soon as I down one drink I’m back at the bar to order the next. They are trying to get smashed because they are “on vacation and want to let loose.” I don’t have any issue with them doing this, I just don’t want to join them, but they say it’s not fun that I won’t “just let loose with them” and that it’s not cool because drinking is a camaraderie/bonding activity.

It basically came to a head today when they said I needed to drink with them today or they’d find other people to drink with and I told them they are more than welcome to find other people to do that with. Am I the asshole for saying that?"
112	335	adjudicated	YTA	"I was at a friends Halloween party. I woke up on the hospital and according to the medical reports my BAL was .31%. The host was arrested as well as her boyfriend.  

I had throw up all over me and the police were worried for my safety. (According to the police report)

The hospital called my male friend to get me after an hour of being admitted into the hospital. He told them I said he was my boyfriend but the hospital told me he said he was my boyfriend on the phone. 

They discharged me into his care when I was still black out. I’m 26 and he’s 56. He ubered me to his house and we just sat outside. He ubered me home to the wrong address with no shoes on.

I ended up outside with no shoes in the pouring rain in scrubs soaked. A neighbor found me on his pouch ( I guess to get out of the rain) and said I was completely incoherent. They ubered me home using my phone and sent the Uber to my mom (this all occurred at 5am). 

I woke up the next day and my purse and all my belongings were stolen. My friend said he didn’t have them and I had them in the Uber. I found the location of the guy who helped me and he said I was very scared about not having my purse when he found me. He said he didn’t see it but he will look around.

I told my friend why did you get me out of the ER if you were unable to care for me? Why not tell them to contact my mom or someone else? Why Uber me home alone? 

He said at first I was forgetting my name then I started to have normal conversations and he thought I was fine to go home. I said your negligence put me in a very dangerous situation and made me lose my belongings. He said do not blame me for your purse and belongings being lost. 

I said I’m cutting him out and do not contact me again. I need people in my life who do not make careless decisions when they take control of my care. I would of rather been left in the hospital where I was safe.

He keeps arguing with me and is now saying he was drugged. He is also saying he does not have my discharge papers and they never gave them to him.

AITA for blaming my friend for my purse being stolen and not taking care of me?

EDIT: I’m not asking if my friends are the assholes for me getting drunk. All those saying it’s my fault, be careful because my state has a host laws and if I get harmed from getting drunk on their property, they are liable. I’m not asking about this though."
383	326	adjudicated	NAH	"I 20s female got my first dog Jean when I was 17, a total mutt with at least 6 different breeds in him. He was a great dog EXCEPT he keeps jumping over next door to play with the neighbour's 2 dogs and is friendly with the neighbour. The neighbour is 60s male and let's say since 17 he was making uncomfortable advances on me and I was terrified and felt completely unsafe in my own home. I also knew my first dog would never protect me from him should he have chosen to do something bad.
I got my second dog Lexi last year, a German Shepherd, and he is next to me 24/7. Super protective and when the neighbour walked past me last one day Lexi just barked and snarled non stop until the neighbour turned a corner. I therefore love walking Lexi and feel completely safe in my own home finally. Now my mom tells me it's cruel to walk one dog and not the other. The problem is my first dog is almost always at the neighbours house now and refuses to come over when I call him. I do not feel safe going next door to get my dog. I do feel bad for showing preference to Lexi tho. AITA?"
32	440	adjudicated	TTA	"My BF (24M) has a low paying job. He spends most of his paycheck on EMIs of his new phone and repaying credit cards. I (23F) left my job a few months ago to get another degree. 

Whenever my bf comes to meet me (we live 20 mins from each other), I have to pay for his cab everytime because he runs out of money very soon after receiving his paycheck. However, he somehow always arranges money for buying weed. He would also ask me to lend for certain other things when there is an ""emergency"" (going out with friends, money to buy more weed), and by now I have lent him about 70k (USD 1500) over more than a year.

He says he will return it to me through his next salary little by little, but even when he does return a little, he would just run out of money again and I have to lend him one more time.

Yesterday, he got a little money from a side project he got. And well, he didn't spare anytime to call up his dealer and use up all that money to buy get more weed. He agreed to having a weed addiction but he doesn't want to do much about it. I told him I will no longer be lending him money, not even for his cab when he comes to meet me, as I am basically having to use up my savings for him. He got mad and later apologized saying he will manage his finances better, but I dont trust him on this.

Am I wrong to do that? He is ultimately using that money to come meet me and its a shared experience, much like paying for my own cup of coffee on a date. Should I just give the cab money and stop giving for other things?

TLDR BF borrows a lot of money, and spends most of his money on weed and other reckless spending.

"
370	27	adjudicated	NAH	"My pregnant fiancée has brought to my attention that me answering a phone call while in public is rude and inconsiderate. Let me preface the rest by mentioning that this is not a common thing or has never been an issue before. We live in a rural area and the next metro area is 45 mins away in any direction. So it might seem like a “treat” to us to go out of town to these cities. We’re working on renovating a house and went to Home Depot and another store. I received a phone call walking into one store and received another while in the other. Both times were 2 hours apart. They were short(within 5 mins) phone calls and this honestly never happens. I think she has a bit of social anxiety that cause her anxiety which made her feel this way. This has never been addressed before. I’d like to stress the fact that I’m not notorious for being in the phone. I confronted her the next day about it and it blew up into a lot of other stuff. Which I’m curious if AITA as well.

Edit:
I want to mention it’s not very typical for her to act this way about something not very serious. She really is one of the most caring, understanding and amazing people I’ve ever met. Which is what made me question if I was actually the AH. "
350	254	adjudicated	YTA	"This is not the first time she (35) has done this. She lives very close to where we usually go out, but never offers for me to sleep over afterwards. I (37) have to make my own way home via transport which takes over 1 hour and leaves me in a precarious situation. I get quite drunk when i go out, and i like to have fun. 

It hurts that we have known each other for over 1 year (we're not that close but close enough), and she still doesn't try to look after me or save me the journey.

I spoke to her about it recently and she said she gets up and does work early and she doesn't want someone in her bed disrupting her usual routines as she's not sure what time i'd wake up. i explained i don't mind this but i'm not a morning person, i would try and leave early.

She still won't invite me to stay at her house and would instead rather i take transport back to my place when drunk in the middle of the night. AITA for being furious with her and considering ending this friendship over the fact that she is being selfish and has no regard for my safety?"
192	400	adjudicated	TTA	So in the start of this year I had two very good friends whom I’d hangout with everyday but as exam season came up I became super busy due to uni admissions and other responsibilities since I had to keep up my grades to get into a uni with scholarship as my family could not afford much. The month before exams I started staying at home to study and didn’t go out with them much and as soon as exams ended I did but they kept talking between themselves which made me left out. I tried to bring up things to do so we can hangout more but they kept meeting e/o the whole summer without letting me know or inviting me. Since they stopped texting or calling me at all I did as well and I noticed they would text me just for stuff they wanted to know ASAP like getting a job needing a connection with someone or just trying to figure out which uni I’ll choose so I stopped responding to their texts altogether since I felt like I was just being used. So am I in the wrong for isolating myself.
177	181	adjudicated	TTA	"So my building has 5 flats, and space for 2 cars to park in the driveway- which on the lease everyone has a right to. Before I moved in the residents had an informal arrangement where those who had been in the building got to park in the driveway. 

Now I live there, there are 3 flats which have cars. One of the occupiers is an elderly couple who have difficulty moving around and so naturally I totally agree that they should be able to park in the drive the whole time. There is plenty of street parking, but I appreciate they can’t walk too far so it makes sense they always park in the driveway.

That leaves me (25M) and a woman (single mum, 30s) who lives downstairs and only one remaining space. My car is electric, and I need to be able to plug it in to charge a few times a week. I explained this to her when I first moved in, and suggested that we come up with one or two days where I get to park in the driveway to charge the car- she refused saying that she’s been in the building longer and that if I wanted to park there I would have to move the car. 

Ever since this conversation, whenever I’m parked in the driveway (maybe two - three days a week) she calls / texts / knocks on my door for me to move the car. The other day she called me in the middle of dinner with my girlfriend, asking me to move. I explained to her that I’m in the middle of dinner and won’t be moving. She accused me of bullying her as she’s a single mum.

Later that evening her ex husband came round, banging on my door and being very aggressive in making me move the car. He accused me of intimidating his ex wife and daughter, and threatened to ‘damage me and the car’. When I asked him if he was really threatening violence over a parking space, he accused me of being racist (I definitely haven’t been!) and said if I called the police he’d tell them I was being racist towards him and his ex. 

Anyway, not being particularly intimidated (I’m an ex- rugby player, he’s quite small) I refused to move the car and informed the police about the encounter.

AITA for not moving my car??"
468	459	adjudicated	NAH	The other night I went out with some friends I hadn’t seen in a year. Honestly many drinks were had and it was a great time. Apparently at some point late in the evening two friends of mine saw me across the way and tried to get my attention. I Guess they tried really hard but y’all I was so gone that god herself could come down in front of me and blessed me and I would’ve had no idea. A few days later I find out that one of them is really upset I didn’t recognize him. I was like my man I was so drunk I had no idea what was going on and I apologized but they’re really hung up on it and keep saying it was super rude. AITA?
416	259	adjudicated	NAH	"Me and my wife of 20 years share a 16 year old, a junior in high school. He is a smart, normal kid who is healthy physically and mentally and has an active social life with lots of friends. My wife has always been very strict about certain video games, especially Fortnite. My son hated these rules in middle school but wife was very strict about them and he eventually stopped asking. He hasn’t brought the topic up in several years.
  

  
Yesterday, my wife found my son playing Fortnite with his friends (on a Nintendo switch that he bought with his own money). He was playing in his room after he had finished his homework/chores for the day. She freaked out and yelled at him, saying that he was still not allowed to play Fortnite or any other video games like it. I heard the noise and came into his room. I quickly sided with my son and told my wife that he is old enough to play a game like Fortnite, especially if he is playing with his friends. I said that while those rules were good for him in middle school, they are now outdated and need to be dropped. She stormed out of the room and has not spoken to either of us since then.
  

  
AITA for disagreeing and arguing with her in front of my son? Should I have spoken to and disagreed with her privately? Is she right about the entire situation and that my son shouldn't be able to play Fortnite with his friends?
  
"
307	232	adjudicated	YTA	"My (38f) coworker (20f) Megan consistently either calls out sick for 1-3 days or comes in to work but leaves before lunch and calls out sick the next day every single time she has her period. We work for a very small company and her absence increases my workload by around 50%.

I might not be so annoyed if Megan were normally a hard worker but she is not. She is constantly trying to get out of doing work, complaining about her very reasonable workload, and leaving early. She also comes in late many days saying she accidentally slept in and couldn’t call because her phone died or was shut off. 

Today she came to me and asked if I had a pad because she started her period. I offered her a light pantyliner because that’s the only pad-like thing I had and said I could drive her to the pharmacy if she needed something more substantial but she declined. Then she went to the manager and asked to leave for the day because she was afraid she was going to have bad cramps. The manager asked if she needed some pain relievers but she declined because pills upset her stomach. She left for the day.

I am particularly annoyed because I am also on my period right now and have a larger workload than her yet I’m able to manage just fine. I realize I have had a few more years to figure out how to deal with periods, and may have an easier time with mine in general but it feels like she’s using her period as a get-out-of-work pass."
463	344	adjudicated	YTA	I was sitting with my sister eating dinner and my father was cooking for the weekend because we came down to visit and my Dad decided to make some food for us if I went sitting and eating and I didn't like the food so I quietly spit it out into a napkin so no one can see it and got up to kind of throw it away because I personally don't eat that when my dad saw what I did he got mad he started like ranting about how I'm wasting food and the food he made were like sliders that were two bites you take two bites and it's done so I looked at him and I quietly said well who's going to eat it after I take a bite out of it I mean it's pink in the center I don't eat that like that I like my meat fully cooked and he just like throws a fit about how I'm wasting food and complaints to the family that I'm just a brat so aitah?
60	494	adjudicated	NAH	"Fairly straightforward issue. Yes could have been resolved with better communication. Ages/genders don’t really matter for the story so I’ll leave them out. 

Few friends (Chad, Mike) and I (Bob) have been looking to start a new bg3 game, which was to start last week if not for the drama. When planning, I asked if we wanted to invite dude #4 (Todd) only to be told by Chad who is one of his best friends “no I’m pretty sure he’s done with it”, so I took that at face value and didn’t push it. 

Fast forward a few days, we’re hanging out with another dude (Wallace) who isn’t involved, who brings up plans with Todd which I did with them for years, but wasn’t invited to. I was a little put out honestly but after 5 seconds of considering it, realised I don’t need to be part of every plan made and dropped it. I’m not mad or annoyed about it but it is relevant to the story. 

Fast forward yesterday, I bring up to T that were starting a new game and he’s visibly pissed off about not being invited. Now, I explain that I asked the group and the group assumed he was finished, but the frustration continued to be directed at me. Eventually I made the comparison of the plans with Wallace at which point I basically became public enemy #1 and suddenly I’m trying to exclude him as petty revenge, as if the rest of the group which again, includes one of his best friends, would stand for that. 

On top of this, I offer for him to join because we’d all be happy to have him along, and he’s fighting every suggestion due to limited availabilities in the group. But from me, it’s all well and good to complain about not being invited but once you get it out, either join or get over it. (Didn’t say that for obvious reasons). 

Today is feeling very alienated. Todd is hiding offline and playing games with Chad and hiding in private calls which I obvs can’t join the conversation. 

From my perspective, I’m feeling like the person who tried to do the right thing, got talked out of it and now getting the shit end of the misdirected rage for us not doing the very thing I tried to do. I’m not wanting to throw the other guys under the bus here but I’m also feeling like Chad is just letting me take that rage instead of owning up to the fact that this whole misunderstanding is on him. 

From Todd’s perspective, I can see why he’s annoyed and he even has a right to be. I don’t understand why he gets to be pissed off and I don’t when it’s basically the same situation. 

We’re all grown ass men and honestly more than anything I just want this drama to be over. 


Am I the problem here?
"
119	42	adjudicated	YTA	"I've been friends with Alex for years. We've always shared a close bond and trusted each other with our deepest secrets. Alex is in a long-term relationship with their partner, Jordan, who is a wonderful person. But there was a secret I discovered that could potentially shatter their relationship.

One evening, while hanging out at Alex's place, I noticed some messages on their phone that strongly indicated they were having an emotional affair with someone else. I was taken aback, torn between respecting their privacy and being concerned about their relationship.

As weeks passed, I noticed that Alex's connection with Jordan was growing weaker, and I couldn't ignore the sinking feeling that I needed to do something. One day, I decided to talk to Alex about it. We had a heart-to-heart conversation, and I expressed my concerns, trying to be as sensitive as possible.

Alex admitted to the emotional affair but begged me not to reveal it to Jordan. They claimed it was a mistake, that it had ended, and they were working on fixing their relationship. I found myself in a difficult position. If I kept the secret, I'd be betraying my friend Jordan, who was completely in the dark. If I told Jordan, I'd betray Alex's trust.

Ultimately, I decided to talk to Jordan privately and share the truth, thinking that it was better to save them from further heartbreak in the long run. Jordan was devastated, and Alex felt utterly betrayed by me for breaking their trust.

Now, I'm left wondering, was I wrong for revealing my friend's secret AITA?"
239	177	adjudicated	TTA	"I (15m) race go-karts I like to say semi-professionally but really it's just a hobby that I hope can turn into something but that's off-topic. 

so the day came for the race that's closest to my hometown of Toronto and they didn't come. to put some context they don't hate my hobby but they don't like it either. 

 I go all over the province of Ontario racing and they will bring me to any race I can't get to easily as I can't drive. now there is one big final race in Toronto and they know how important it is to me but they went on a wine tour in Niagra instead. 

when they got back and said hi I asked why they didn't come even though they said they would and their response was what made me the maddest they said ""We choose to have fun ourselves instead of going and sitting to watch you go around in circles for an hour and a half"" and when I reminded them they said they would come they said we made the choice not to and that they didn't want to waste any more time on this so I told them to fuck off and went to my room where I felt like an asshole for saying that. I hope I can get some help and insight into this situation.  ps this happened last weekend and they are still mad at me about it "
344	178	adjudicated	TTA	"Hi, everyone. I'm just looking for some advice to an almost decades old problem. My boyfriend and I are currently around our 30s. We've been together for a long time. We've talked about marriage, but there's always something. Mainly money but he's had quite a bit of disposable income over the years. Like every relationship, we've had our up and downs but one problem is tearing me apart.

When we first met, our sex life wasn't great. He didn't have a lot of experience and seemed to have developed a porn issue that began way before we met. He was single for quite some time but honestly I figured it might subside now that he has a real life gf. It didn't. 

Over the years, we've had fights over it. Him choosing porn over me. Now, I understand my sex drive is pretty high. I came into his life after my last relationship where the guy was basically obssessed with my body. We didnt work out on a fundamental level and it left me wrecked and heartbroken for a long time. But my current bf is sweet, hardworking, and we built a life together that I thought I could mantain. But it's bringing out trauma I thought I had gotten past. 

Every period was a reminder that we didn't have sex that month. Every month, I was left depressed for a week or two. He's not a very outwardly loving person, physically or verbally, so the intimacy was lacking as well. He rarely touches my body on his own. I worked really hard to feel comfortable in my own skin and his actions, or (lack thereof) brought me back to that dark place. I always initiated but I began to feel gross and creepy when he would reject me so often. I have thoughts about things I want to do to him, but I feel disgusting thinking of him like that considering the issue. 

Just this past week, I practically begged him to just take one night for me, BEFORE my period was due to be here. He didn't. He said he forgot. Fair enough but it brought up years worth of neglect to our sex life. We fought about it and moved on. Or so I thought. I caught him looking at onlyfans, fansly, playboy. All within that very same week. Now I can't get it out of my head that if I was just a little prettier, maybe he would be willing. Maybe he would be excited to have sex with me if my tummy was flatter and if I had more shapely breasts. We tried for two nights this week, but he never finished. Which makes sense now that I've seen the content he was consuming prior. I'm just sick. I'm sick of feeling disgusted by my own, by all accounts, natural thoughts of my partner. I'm sick of feeling neglected and unloved. I'm sick of not getting my needs met when he can just pull up instagram and get that satisfaction and not have a second thought of me. I just want to work this out. 

So AITA if I call him out again for the umptenth time? It's okay if he watches porn, my problem is that he neglects our sex life because of it. Do I have a ground to stand on at this point?"
301	233	adjudicated	NAH	"Alright, so me 18(f) and my older sister, 20s(f), had a bit of a fight, or at least I think so.

This sister doesn't live in our home country, instead living abroad with her fiance. She's the oldest among us siblings. And as a result was a tad parentified by our mom. However she never speaks badly of this. Moreso a 'I used to watch you guys when mom was at work' kinda stuff. She's not resentful at the very least, in fact she's the opposite.

My sister is overly affectionate and loving, and very often irritating. We've all (my siblings and I) tried to establish boundaries but my sister just continuously disrespects them.

Like I hate hugs. But she forced them on me as well as kisses and tickles. I hate it so much. It makes me feel gross, skin on skin contact. And I honestly wanna just shove her off of me anytime she does it.

She knows this. I've said it so many times. 

Well this recent enough event occured. And I truly would like some feedback or outsiders opinion.

She was visiting for the first time since Christmas, so we went out and had a day for ourselves. We went to see a new movie. And my sister was an actual child the entire time.

Whenever she laughed, she'd hit me jokingly, or shove her face into my neck. Remember the hatred of skin on skin touch?

She kept vaping and trying to hide it. She kept asking questions about scenes that JUST happened. She nearly ruined the whole thing for me. I just tried to ignore her the whole time. She continued doing this for two whole hours.

Afterwards I was fully pissed. She seemed unaware, and tried talking to me. I was stonewalling her, not answering. Until I snapped and listed the above.

She always does this kicked puppy look, and says 'I didn't know. I'm sorry'. She always does shit like this. She doesn't seem aware of literally anyone or anything, then acts all surprised when everyone is mad at her for acting like a kid. She's on a bunch of medications, plethora of mental shit wrong in her brain due to our mothers abuse. But none of it is intellectually related. Just trauma.

I ignored her the whole way home, walked ahead of her a decent bit.

Can anyone actually explain why she's like this? Like a clingy toddler? I'm just so done with her and my constant broken boundaries."
473	385	adjudicated	TTA	"So my (40s F) business is in a building which was a large showroom/warehouse and then it was split into 4 sections with separate entrances.

A nextdoor personal training business is run by a lovely married couple (let’s call them Jack and Jill).  The said they would take a stand for me if the landlord caused me unfair  trouble . They didn’t have to and I had the issue resolved.

Anyways, that’s background story .

Their lease renewal is due and they want to reduce lease area. 

Jack put me on a spot a month or so ago saying “just wanted to know that you are not opposed to us using your door as an entrance”.  I was caught off guard..  I hesitantly said “ok let me know”.  The only way for them to access their space through mine is for them to enter  my office, warehouse and then turn off onto their space. 

He said that would only be a last option and I realize they were easing me into it.   they were also looking to make my restroom a common one. They knowingly avoided discussing that.

I had sort of said yes, so I was going with it.  

I realized my insurance would not be okay with it.  I have inventory and equipment worth 300k.

I also would lose my privacy and there are times I crawl into a ball at work when working late due to side effects and pain from my cancer treatment.

I backed off today and they are very upset, I must seem  flakey.  Fact is I don’t run a gym like them, people going through my business leaving sweaty.  Additionally below side story

In Sept  when my warehouse manager left , I asked Jack if he and his wife were interested in part time running my business.  I gave them a super generous offer, incl a large stake for part time work - he came back asking for more!!.  It was a turn off and I avoided them.  He was persistent after and said that they could at least help with packaging my orders roughly from 1-5 pm.  I agreed for a fixed pay.  Day 1 he says he would come in around 1:30 and Jill join in a bit.  By day 2 it became 2-5.  Jill rarely shows up. So from a 35 hour expectation they went down to about 19 hours per week. I had to travel and didn’t know their hours, then I was sick again.  Business been down so I let it pass.  On days I went to work recently  I also found  he was chatting on the personal calls. The warehouse and office messy.  I had made the offer in the first place  because they were efficient and tidy etc.  he surprisingly even expected me to renew after the 2 months trial. He did do a 2 hour drive favor once. Still the pay is now working to be a unjustified $65 per hour for packing 4-5 boxes max per hour.  It’s my fault that I wasn’t clearer.

Edited to add: I gave them tomorrow after the text refusal and also have to cancel their packing role.  Knowing how AH I have been will help me deal with the situation better.  Keep in mind this may mean they have to leave the building.
"
162	428	adjudicated	TTA	I (23F) live with a roommate (25F) that owns the house. We had previously agreed upon a set amount for renting two rooms and a bathroom and her agreeing that she wasn’t going to rent to anyone else. Now apparently there is going to be another roommate moving into this other bedroom I was using as a study room. I’m not sure what happened but I feel like this is ignoring our agreement/contract. I am a very non- confrontational person and sensitive so I’ve just gone along with everything to avoid a problem, also because I felt like I had to and expected we would revisit the amount for rent if she did this. I had to move all my things into my room and clean it for her this week starting the day she told me which interfered with my job and activities this week. I was given a 5 day notice but the roommate might not be moved in fully until later in the month the timeframe isn’t set. She expects me to pay the full amount even though I now am renting only one room and sharing a bathroom which is not what we agreed on. Would IBTA if I asked for rent to be lowered?
469	160	adjudicated	ESH	"My wife has, in my opinion, an irrational fear of police given that I have been on wrong side of law. I have since cleaned up and have no interaction whatsoever with the police. 

Any time my kids scream, cry, or otherwise act like a child in a loud manner who didn’t get their way, she defaults to someone will call the cops. I have told her repeatedly that nobody is going to call cops because our kids are being loud spoiled kids who don’t always get their way. 

This morning she called me because my youngest didn’t get to play on the Xbox first and was screaming so loudly it could be heard outside the house. She was venting. In the process of her venting she said someone would call the cops and I yelled that nobody was going to call the cops because our neighbors all know us and all know how our kids act. I told her she needed to work that out with her therapist because her unreasonable assumption that everybody is out to call the cops is completely asinine. 

She called me an asshole, said I ruined her day,  said she didn’t have time for this, said fuck you and hung up on me. 

AITA?"
137	24	adjudicated	TTA	"Here’s the back story. Going to change names for anonymity. I apologize in advance as I’m writing this on mobile. 

My husband and I reached out to a breeder (let’s call her Stacey) in our state for a puppy. Stacey let us know she wouldn’t have any new puppies for a while but told us that she has a friend (Claire) in another state who breeds the same breed of dog and she has puppies available soon. 

We reach out to Claire. It all goes well and we put a deposit down on our dream dog. We booked flights, a hotel, and paid for the in cabin pet fee as well as a pet carrier. We leave one week from tomorrow. Everything has been going great until we received an email from Stacey today which reads

“I’m thinking about getting another pup from your puppies litter, would you be open to bringing a second puppy back with you? The pups can ride together in the same carrier and I will pay for puppy airfare.” 

After discussing with my husband, and checking the pet policy with our airline, we ultimately decided it was not a good idea. We are first time dog owners and have never flown with pets before, we know we are going to have our hands full already with one dog. Especially since we will be staying in a hotel for 1 night with the puppy as well. Our airline also requires that each pet have their own carrier. 

I responded to her email explaining what I just said in the above paragraph and was met with this response

“Ok I guess this pup isnt going to happen for me right now . I’ll let Claire know. She was very sure you would do it… We’ve transported 2 pups in the same bag many times . I wonder which airline isnt allowing that. 

I reiterated, 

“Again, I really am so sorry! We are flying (airline) and that's what it says on their website.  But our main reason for saying no is that we are first time dog owners and we have never flown with pets before. We know we are going to have our hands full already with one puppy. Especially since we will be staying overnight in a hotel with the puppy as well.  I hope you can understand where we're coming from.”

And then this lady says,

“It’s ok , I’ll have to find a way to get her here  or not get her . I’ve traveled with 2 puppies on United several times in the same bag . It’s allowed. Oh well, thanks for your help.”

I have not responded to her. I don’t know why she keeps fixating on the airline rule as I’ve explained to her twice that it is not the reason we don’t want to do it. We have been so excited up until this point and this situation is really taking away from this special event in our lives. 

Am I the asshole????"
396	430	adjudicated	ESH	"My(26M) wife(25F) "" Izzy"" has put on a significant amount of weight in the 3 years we've been married. Basically, she got a job, we got married, and she found it hard to juggle a job along with the meal prep for the healthy meals she had time to prep in college. So, out went salads, in came fast food to put it shortly. 

I love her regardless, I think she's beautiful, I tell her that daily.

She's begun openly voicing displeasure with her weight in a lot of ways. When she gets off the scale, I hear about it. When a shirt gets too tight around her stomach or her pants don't fit, I hear about it.

On Tuesday night, I was watching TV when Izzy came and found me. She says she has a "" fun fact"" for me, but, I knew by looking at her, it wasn't fun. The fun fact was that she's 68 pounds overweight.

I said nothing, I thought this was a time for her to vent. She rolls her eyes and says, "" And as usual, you say nothing. I'm obese and you're checked out.""

I asked her what exactly I was supposed to say, "" Atta girl, keep going. I'll make brownies"", "" Dear God, that's awful. Time to hit the gym Fat Ass"", what?

She said it's clear I don't care, that I'm uncaring about her.

I'd had it. Yelled that I do care, I do love her, but, I don't know what I'm suppose to do with "" I'm 68 pounds overweight. My pants don't fit, my shirt's too small"".

She told me to stop yelling, shut up, and step up.

AITA?"
165	471	adjudicated	TTA	"I (27f) had a few of my friends around to celebrate my birthday. One of my friends (27f) who we'll call ""Sophie"" has been very vocal about her being on a diet and trying to lose weight although it doesn't seem to be very successful.

Anyway, we had a meal which was just tacos although I'd also ordered a pizza for anyone who would prefer one. Sophie eats A LOT of food; I'm talking about 6 slices of pizza and a couple tacos. I didn't mention it because it wasn't my business and I just assumed she was not worrying with her diet today. 

After that we brought the cake out and she had a couple slices of that before we settled down to watch a movie where she ate some popcorn (I'd drank quite a lot of alcohol by that point so wasn't aware of this but she told me the next day). 

Everyone went home and I thought the party had been a success as everyone seemed to have had fun. However, the next day I received a message from her telling me I was a bad friend for giving her all that food and taking advantage of her condition (drunk) to make her overeat when I know she's on a diet. 

I don't think I did anything wrong as I didn't force her to eat all that food and I shouldn't be responsible for policing her duet. However, I may be the AH for giving her temptation when I know she's on a diet and I should have been more sensitive to her circumstances. So...AITA?"
195	248	adjudicated	TTA	"8 years ago I bought my first house and moved my dad and step mom in, both disabled by age 45. A few month later my younger brother asked me if he could stay with me until he gets on his feet, as he was staying with some pretty shady friends of his. I tell him yea, it’s cool he can stay until he gets it together, but there are some rules. You have to clean up after yourself, I don’t want drugs in my house, I’ve got mother against pot but my brother will spend all day, and all his money of weed, he has no sense of whoa. Finally he’s got to pay rent biased off his pay, this would cover the upticks in the bills and his food, and he’s got to help around the house. My brother agrees to this and we move him in. 

8 years later, he has gone through 16 jobs, totaled 4 out of the 5 cars he has had, 3 of them I bought so he could get to work, has had a DUI, and has cost me $32,000.00. He has taken anything he wants, two of my bikes that got stolen, a bunch of tools, and about 6 months ago money from my dad. He hasn’t met his side of any of the agreements he has made, he stopped paying his phone and rent, I pay for the phone, and he only fallows rules as long as it doesn’t inconvenience him. 

I gave him 3 months to find somewhere else to stay, bought him boxes, reminded him occasionally that he has to be gone by a select date. He blows it off and asks if I could give him more time. He tells me he’s almost done packing, and he has nowhere to put his stuff let alone anywhere to stay. He has nothing packed, his room is filled with trash, like half eaten food stuffs, cigarette butts, loose papers and dirty clothes. I’ve been going through his stuff washing his clothes and packing his stuff, tossing the trash, it’s been a chore. Despite any of this I feel like a bad brother, I feel like him sleeping out on the streets is directly my fault. 

He is 33 years old and staying on the street with his girlfriend, and I feel like an absolute asshole. Am I in the wrong, should I just suck it up and let him stay with me until he “gets it together”. Am I the asshole?"
259	447	adjudicated	NAH	"I (25f) am the middle sister, my older sister (33f) has a small clothing business and now does markets every weekend. At first I would help my sister with her social media accounts and in person at her markets (loading/off loading car, making sales in person etc.) 

At the start of her business I didn’t mind, I wanted my sister to get big and have her own successful business!! You always want to see your siblings succeed. She would have a market maybe once a month and her social media (TikTok and website) I’d post maybe once or twice a week. Mind you, all this I been doing is for free.

Now that my sister’s business is getting bigger, she has a market every weekend and has now included my younger sister (21f) to also help in her in person markets. It’s starting to get exhausting spending every Saturday usually from 9 am- 5 pm being at the markets. I talked to my younger sister and she agrees that it’s starting to feel like she’s taking advantage of us because she does not pay us…

My older sister will make us a shirt for free every market we help her at, but it’s not enough to waste my whole Saturday on… I mentioned to her starting to pay us and she started calling me selfish and said as a sister we should help her.

We ended up getting in an altercation because I told her if anything her “bare minimum ass boyfriend” should help her and she said I was crossing the line. My mom and dad got involved and agree with my older sister that we should help her because we are blood.

AITA for being fucking tired of helping? I know we’re sisters but geez, every Saturday?? Idk, it doesn’t help that only my younger sister and I feel this way from our family"
435	345	adjudicated	YTA	Me (25F) and my friend M(27M) we’re having a conversation about his recent doctors appointment where he was told he was very obese. He is someone who regularly works out and eats a pretty balanced diet. He takes his health very serious and I can see him take actions toward his health. I told him it was good he was made aware of this issue and it must be rough to deal with this but I’m sure his genetics also play a part in his obesity. He has mentioned both his parents are on the heavier side. I didn’t intend to call his parents fat at all but he was very upset by my comment and told me not to talk about his parents like that. He thinks I’m an asshole for bringing his parents into the conversation. AITA?
413	401	adjudicated	TTA	"I am autistic \[26F\] and my dad is \[55M\].   


First off let me tell you a little history about my family. My entire family has a little problem with respecting people's  boundaries. They actually get enjoyment crossing people's boundaries and upsetting people. As well they actually love making me butt of every joke. So over the years I've had resentment build up from that, so i tend get more snappy at their boundary crossing. 

I am very protective of my food because I grew up needing to eat my food as quick as possible. Mostly because if I didn't get to meals enough, it would completely be consumed my dad before I even got any.   

\---  -end of that little history lesson   


Well nowadays, Anytime my dad see making anything to eat for myself. He'll start trying to take my food, or trying to pick food off my plate. I've nicely told him many times to stop. He'll just laugh, and try to do it again. Well After a while, I've gotten completely fed up with him doing, every time he see my with food. So recently I screamed ""F-ing Stop! My mom and dad are acting like I'm being a jerk for snapping at my dad.   


&#x200B;"
115	281	adjudicated	TTA	"I recently kicked out my son who will be 23 in November.  He has continued to show he has little care for what I ask,  but is happy for me to support him financially. He does pay board, but not always on time and doesn't communicate when he's not going to pay.
I have paid debt for him as he felt financially overwhelmed from a bank loan, just enough so he could continue with scheduled payments.  He admitted he went on a bender and lost his way.  I explained he needs to address why he's having benders. Advised to see a GP and get professional support. 
Things seemed to be going okay for a bit until recently, when I was on holiday received a call from his work as he was a no show.  He wouldn't answer my calls until I threatened to phone the police. He didn't want to talk to me asked me to just text him.  I asked him to grow up and at least speak, if he didn't want to speak then listen to what I had to say.  I phoned and asked him to use his sickie day to collect his things and get out.  I told him I feel he doesn't want a mum just a bank.   I have not spoken to him for nearly 3 weeks.  I have texted him, told him I love him and asked for him to call.  NOTHING !!!!"
300	422	adjudicated	TTA	"My friend [18F] birthday was a couple weeks ago. I told her that her gift would be late as I [18F] haven’t gotten paid yet and still owed my sister money. My friend is very understanding and very kind. For my birthday she got me a poster and stickers I already owned. For hers I got her a 20$ CD. My mother is telling me i’m a horrible friend for only getting her one thing and adding a hallmark card wishing her a late happy birthday is “poorness.”

My mom keeps telling me that i’m a horrible friend for only getting her one single thing even though she got me two things, one of which I already owned and have been gifted numerous times. I feel like an asshole for only getting her a CD and a card but I don’t think that makes me a bad friend"
407	350	adjudicated	NAH	"Low stakes here. No one is seriously mad and no friendships are ruined but I’m curious. I’m visiting a friend in a big city and when I went to throw something in a trash bin today, I noticed a live mouse jumping around but seemingly stuck in the bag on top. So I took out the bag and the mouse’s tail was stuck in a glue trap. It was early in the morning so no one was around and I didn’t have my phone to look for a vet, so in the end I apologized to the mouse and ended up pulling off his tail to be free (off the trap, not his body. Although I’m sure it was still painful). I told my friend and she was rightfully grossed out. She’s extremely squeamish about these things but she and her husband called it vermin and said I was doing a disservice to the city by spreading disease. But I couldn’t just know this poor lil creature was suffering for so long and not try to help. No matter how he’d die at that point, it would be painful torture. It shouldn’t surprise anyone I’m a vegan, but my friend and her husband are vegetarian, and we all care about animals. They’re also hardcore city folk and I’m a total nature country girl who camps and sleeps outside, so our perspectives on mice and wild animals/nature are wildly different in general. 
So I figured I’d see what the general public believes: AITA for freeing the mouse (possibly only temporarily) from a painful death/glue trap and arguably endangering humans?"
50	72	adjudicated	TTA	"I apologize for my choice of word. English is not my first language.
  

  
Our culture is very family oriented.
  

  
My mother (75), who has been living with me (55), and my family are in a very difficult situation.My mother is a retired farmer who had to stop working in 2005 due to a health problem that made her disabled. She used to rely on us, her children, our father, and government assistance ($10/month, which is nearly useless) to cover her living expenses.
  

  

  

  
She also had a bad habit of lending money to others without expecting anything in return, which drastically decreased her retirement fund.My father passed away in a car accident many years ago. 
  

  

  

  
My sister was the one who took care of our mother after she became disabled. My sister also had a daughter. My sister got a restraining order against the father and raised her daughter alone.Sadly, my sister passed away unexpectedly, leaving my niece, who's still in middle school, orphaned. My wife and I decided to take them in and move to our hometown, which was 700 kilometers away.
  

  
We had quit our jobs earlier than planned, almost ten years prior. We became my mother and niece's only source of income for 30 years.
  

  

  

  
My daughter, who was working in another city, pitched in by sending us 60% of her monthly salary. We also did some side jobs around town to make ends meet, but we can't afford a full-time job because we're in our 50s and have to care for my mother.I love my mother and niece and wanted to provide a comfortable life for them.
  

  
My mother sold her land for around $8000 ten years ago.
  

  
She recently checked her balance and found that it had dropped to $2000. She was enraged and accused us of stolen her money.
  

  
""You've never touched that money yourself for 10 years?"" my wife asked.
  

  
And my mother refused to answer.
  

  

  

  
Her accusations were hurtful to us. We tried to explain that we had never touched her money and had been providing for her for years. But she wasn't convinced.
  

  
I feel like we've wasted our time and energy on someone who doesn't respect us. My wife and I discussed the fact that we no longer feel obligated to care for her.
  

  
But after all, she is still my mother. She is old and sick, and she requires our assistance. Despite everything, I still love her.
  

  
Anyway, we're thinking about leaving her and moving to the same city as our daughter. We believe it would benefit our mental health and happiness. But we also question whether we are being selfish and cruel.
  

  
So AITAH if I leave and stop supporting my own mother?
  

  
(My mother is not alone. She still has my older brother, who never looks after or contributes anything to her. And my younger brother, who was laid off because of the pandamic, turned into a drunkard freeloader."
168	453	adjudicated	NAH	"My (28f) brother (30m) is getting married next year. He's been engaged for around a year but they hadn't discussed date until just now. Here's the problem.....I have tickets for the Eras tour at Wembley on the same night he says they want to have the wedding.
I bought the tickets as a birthday present for my neice 13f (cousin's daughter, not brother's) as we're both huge fans and it'll be a fun girls trip to London for the weekend.
Save the dates haven't gone out yet and nothing has actually been booked but he was discussing dates at dinner yesterday and said they were planning 22Jun. I asked if there were any other weekends he was considering as I have the concert that day. He said if that's the date they go with then Bella (neice) and I will obviously just have to miss the concert and that there will be others. I explained that I really didn't want to do that because 1) I've promised to take her 2) I want to go  3) all in with a hotel for 2 nights in London I've spent close to £1500.
I get that this is one of the most important days in his life and I should be there but honestly, if they haven't even finalised the date then I don't see why he can't change it. I could do literally any of the other 364 days.

TLDR: my brother's thinking of having his wedding the same day I'm taking my neice to the Eras tour"
257	392	adjudicated	TTA	"We're all 14-15F. I'm pretty ok with lending things out, especially this and last years. Unless I distrust, strongly dislike the person for a specific reason or lack pens to lend out, I let others borrow my things. 

I have 3 types of pens:

1. Nice, pricier ones that I will not lend out unless it's a close friend and even then I might not
2. Good pens that I will lend out as long as I have 1 left for myself 
3. So-so pens that I will lend out

I really don't like it when people touch my belongings intentionally for no reason, however, I let it slide usually, as long as they don't open my belongings or take something. I have a few friends who I let take things from my pencil case since they are close and know the nice pens are off limits.

One lesson, due to some issues with submitting things in another class, I had to be pulled out of a lesson for a little while (maybe around 10 mins??). When I came back, I noticed my favourite nice pen was missing, but dismissed it since I had recently thought I lost one of my nice pens for around a few days, only to find it in my laptop case.

After class, Anna comes up to me and says ""Thanks, I didn't have a pen"" and hands back my favourite pen. The same colour ink of my favourite pen has been used on her worksheet. I'm annoyed, but don't mention anything.

The next day, she calls out ""OP, OP"" and I turn around. She says ""Pen"" and I just say ""No"". Once again, I hear ""OP, OP"" and turn around once more. This time she more forcefully says ""Pen"" and I say ""No.""

After class, Anna comes up to me and confronts me about not letting her borrow a pen. I told her that it's my pens and I lend them out as I please. She then gets really annoyed and says it's an AH move for me to lend out my pens to people besides her. 

I didn't mention that she took my favourite nice pen because I didn't really think of it at the time and didn't want to seem stupid or childish since it kinda is.

Also, I think part of the reason why I wouldn't let her borrow one of my pens is that she's irresponsible and I don't like her. In the past she's told me to ""shut up and go (something that I may not be allowed to say here) it's not like anyone even wants you"" when I was explaining to the person next to her how she could have figured out a question (that Anna also got wrong) without having learnt much of the content. 

AITA for not letting Anna borrow any of my pens?"
96	86	adjudicated	NAH	"Hi all, I’m mid mental breakdown so I decided to post here. 

My bf and I are traveling 3 hours to spend the weekend with the bf’s family on vacation and I just found out literally on the way there that we are sharing a room with his mother and two 8 year old girls. Bunk beds to be exact.. and there is no bathroom close to the room.

We are both 25 and I need my space. I fully thought we were going to be having our own space to sleep at the very least and now there isn’t even a bathroom close to the room either and it’s fucking bunk beds.

I have no issue paying for a hotel room for the next few nights and my boyfriend is acting like I’m being ridiculous for wanting to do this. I love him family and plan on spending the entire time with them, I just need my own space.. please tell me if I’m being unreasonable. :("
38	209	adjudicated	ESH	"So my friend (25/M/Non-binary) and I (22/M) were in my condominium, just chilling. I would occasionally do drugs (nothing hardcore, just weed & psychedelics + benzos for anxiety). He has major anxiety issues & he knew it (he’d always come to come for help).

 When I told him about acid/LSD, he was interested & curious. I’ve also explained to him that it’s a mind altering substance w/ a long duration (12 hours). He insisted on trying it with me despite my illicit warnings about its potential to aggravate his anxiety. None of what I said deterred him, so I said to him not to tell me that I didn’t warn him (I also have a stash of xanax in case trips go south).

I went to use the bathroom and without my knowledge, he took 2 tabs (he claimed to have taken only one) his first time and didn’t tell me about it until the trip ended. I didn’t want to start the trip on a bad note, so I took my tab & we waited for the effects to hit. Once we started to come-up, we were having a great time. (I’m don’t remember the exact timing of the incident since its hard to remember many things during a 12 hr trip)

We both were in altered states of mind, and for him, the effects were getting even more potent & he started to complain. I’m no therapist, but I did my best to calm him down & keep him relaxed. It initially worked, but then he started to freak out & demanded me to kill the trip - I was getting a bit pissed off because I clearly warned him and he didn’t listen. He was then yelling and absolutely killed my mood & happy vibes. 

Pissed off, I banged my hand on my desk and yelled out, “Jesus! Just grow some fucking balls” he stayed silent

Somehow we were able to take the xanax easily & we slept 30mins-1hr afterwards (IIRC?) We slept for a while, he left & hasn’t contacted me since. AITAH?"
186	365	adjudicated	ESH	"AITA for letting my boyfriend come over and use the bathroom?

For background context: 

I (F22) have had a difficult relationship with my mother (F50). She is an immigrant from Korea and lived in different countries since I was younger and therefore we have very different cultures and values. She has felt overbearing at times because she felt so protective of me because she is in a foreign country and I am an only child. Some of her rules include a 5 PM curfew, I am not allowed to have anyone over, and no going out during covid (even to public outdoor spaces unless I am accompanied by her or my father). I feel like she has set unrealistic expectations for me ever since I was younger. As a child, she planned out every hour of my day and monitored me and now she expects me to get a masters degree and earn a minimum of a 6 figure salary, she berates me for not being thin enough and compares me to a pig, and she makes comments about my skin when I break out due to stress. I eventually grew tired of trying to please her so I learned to just hide things from her whenever I wanted to do something. 
  
I am currently taking a gap year before my masters degree because I graduated from college a year earlier than my anticipated date. I have been living at home with my parents and I am planning to study for the fundamentals of engineering exam and a patent bar exam to further my career. There have been many layoffs in my field and even if I found a job, I would have to quit within 9 months in order to go back for my masters.
 I am currently dating my boyfriend (M22) for more than 2 years and his ethnicity is Indian. My parents, especially my dad, are racist towards his culture and refuse to meet him. My mom met him once when picking something up and she asked me if he is gay (he is not gay).

&#x200B;

While my parents were at work, I invited my boyfriend to eat lunch and watch netflix together but my mom came home from work earlier than anticipated. We were already ready to go out and my boyfriend was just using the bathroom so I told her that he came in because he needed to use the bathroom.
  
She was very angry and told me to get him out so I asked my boyfriend to leave and he quietly left. My mother was angry because she felt as if her house was messy and her clothes were around and she felt exposed. I don't understand if this is a cultural problem because when my mother was younger, she was allowed to invite anyone she wanted to her house and they regularly ate lunch together during their lunch breaks at school. As a child, she was allowed to stay over at other people's homes, stay out late, and she even went on trips overseas with her friends but I'm not allowed to. She claims it's because the world is a more dangerous place now but as I am starting to become more financially and mentally independent, I feel like she is exaggerating in order to retain control. AITA?
  

  
TLDR: My mother got mad at my boyfriend for coming over and using the bathroom."
400	212	adjudicated	ESH	"My older brother has a lot of step kids. His wife, Tori, has 2 kids from her first marriage, then a son: Liam (15) from a random hookup, and one more kid from a long term relationship. My brother has a daughter as well. From what he tells me, Liam is the only one without an active dad and the only one that lives with them full time as my biological niece primarily lives with her mom. 

I assumed Liam living with them full time meant he would get quite a bit of attention but my niece told me that they all seem to forget about him. She has told me that her step mom once said that Liam is the “extra” and not as “cute” as her other kids. Apparently it was a joke… 

Anyways, Tori invited the whole family over for dinner. At one point they told us all to gather round and Tori told us she’s pregnant. Everyone started cheering, I’ll admit, I was too. 

But my niece drew my attention to Liam who started crying and walked off. Niece and I followed him and when I asked him if everything was okay he started crying in my arms. I felt sooo terrible. My niece then took him out for ice cream to cheer him up while I went back to the others. 

They were all very preoccupied and my brother started talking to one of our nephews (NOT Tori’s kids). This nephew then tells us that while he did not make a team, Liam did. My brother was quite surprised because he’s a huge fan of this sport and had no clue Liam was interested as he always thought he was a quieter, nerdy kid. This nephew sorta laughed and said Liam is not a quiet nerdy kid, the opposite actually. He’s very popular at school.

After finishing his conversation with the nephew, he approached me and said “Maybe nephew’s confused, Liam’s not that type of kid.”

I asked him what kind of kid he thinks Liam is. My brother said that he doesn’t talk to Liam much but according to Tori, he’s “socially awkward,” “sensitive,” and “a little needy.” Tori overheard and was like “Liam? Is he bothering you? Next time he tries to talk to you run or else he’ll never leave you alone… he really is needy.” 

I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. Especially after how much Liam cried earlier. I told Tori and my brother that they should be ashamed of themselves. I then specifically told Tori that she should’ve kept her legs closed if she didn’t want “needy” children. Obviously my brother kicked me out which I deserved. But Tori is furious and keeps sending me messages about how rude I am and how I don’t know anything about her etc. I even got yelled at by my mom. I sincerely believe they’re all fucked in the head. AITA?

Edit:

Tori has 4 kids. The two eldest have the same dad who is very involved, Liam’s dad is a deadbeat, and the 4th child has a different but also very involved dad. 

My niece (my brother’s kid) and the new baby (my brother and Tori’s kid) make the total number of kids 6. 

I just realized how terrible the formatting is. I apologize and hope this clears it up. 

Edit:

I am NOT giving my brother a free pass. I believe he’s a fucking idiot and the fact that he doesn’t know shit about his stepson is terrible. Yes, I yelled at Tori mostly because she’s the one who kept calling her own son needy. She’s the one who told me to run away from him if he talks to me. That is why I yelled at her specifically. "
108	331	adjudicated	YTA	My gf and I have been living to together for a little over a year in New England. I travel for work so I am gone roughly 1/2 the year (month on month off rotation). Recently my gf approached me about flying to see her parents at their winter home in Florida for the holiday. Her parents spend 1/2 the year living 20 minutes from us and have not once invited us over for dinner or offered to go out to eat with us. In fact the entire time she’s lived with me her mom only visited once while I was away at work. Admittedly I am a momma’s boy and spend a lot of time with my mom. She is constantly asking to go to dinner with us and always makes a point to involve my gf in activities even when I’m away. When I am home I have never once objected when my gf suggests we spend the weekend away with the family at their lake house or go out to dinner for family occasions. However that has been the only time they have ever tried to involve me. Am I the asshole for taking issue with wanting to spend time and energy with her parents when they clearly have made an effort to not involve me in their lives? I told my gf I had no problem if she wanted to fly down herself, thinking maybe her family would enjoy that more than my actually being there. Ty
196	145	adjudicated	TTA	"Edit: title should be “left in our bathroom.” Leave implies they do this a lot, they don’t. It was a one time thing.


I live with 3 girls/women as a single guy. It’s not some like romcom or sitcom situation. It’s where I live because it’s fairly reasonable rent, it’s close to school and aside from this issue we all do a good job being respectful to each others spaces. Since my family and friends bring it up all the time and it seems it’s what everyone thinks, there is no romantic energy between me and the girls. I am a fat, dumpy, ugly introvert who likes my alone time and they are all pretty, extrovert party girls (but all smart and capable). 

Our house is old and only has one bathroom. We agreed upon moving in that we had to keep the bathroom as a neutral space. Meaning we all had shower caddies, we would wipe it down after each use and each would do a full clean taking turns once a week. It’s worked well since January. 

This week was some sort of sorority event and they all spent hours getting ready. It wasn’t a big deal I just had to teach an evening lab so I couldn’t take a shower and had to use the bathroom in the lab building to wash my face, shave, etc… 

When I got home it looked like an explosion of hair happened in the bathroom. There were long blonde and brunette hairs all over the shower, the drain was clogged, hair on the sink, the floor, etc… Plus there was just “stuff” like there never had been. On Wednesday I thought they’d clean it up. They didn’t. They didn’t clean it up on Thursday and last night taking a shower for my lab was disgusting. The water was up to my ankles it was so clogged. 

They were all out in the living room drinking and I meant to stay calm but I lost it with them and told them they had to clean the bathroom. They immediately got defensive and asked how I knew it was their mess. I said I went “fucking bald” when I was 17, how could it be. They got offended that I swore and said I was being too aggressive. I said it’s been two days, clean the bathroom and I have a right to be frustrated. They said I needed to appreciate how busy they were this week and they’d do it this weekend. I said I can’t even shower. One made a joke “yeah we can tell” and kind of this still hold her nose thing. I said that was cruel and not necessary. She said it wasn’t necessary for me to bark orders at them like a major asshole that they’ve always cleaned and it’s stupid for me not to know it will get clean when it’s her turn this weekend. I left for my lab and the bathroom was still not clean when  I got home.


AITA here?"
145	266	adjudicated	NAH	"Hello, I think I should post this here because I need to download. English is not my native language, so I apologize for any spelling mistakes. I (20M) asked my friend (21M) for a favor. I am a student part of one of the student unions within the faculty, as the university elections are coming up we are campaigning so I needed the t-shirts and since I knew that he knew people who made t-shirts I asked him to find out an estimate of how much I would need. They would come out to make the t-shirts, then the union wanted divers and after having given them the price that my friend gave me, they said that they had another contact who made cheaper t-shirts. When I told him that in the end I was not going to make the t-shirts with his suppliers, he told me that ""he was doing anyone who first ordered t-shirts and divers to be made and then canceled it, as he was going to tell the people he works with that this moron ""It occurred to him not to do the divers. And don't ask me for anything else because you make me look bad, you are a tremendous lier that sells smoke and mirrors."" At that moment I had a serious crisis, an emotional overflow so great that I broke a glass desk in my room (I know it wasn't the best way to react but it was the release of several accumulated thoughts). I live with him in a student residence and when he can find me in the elevators I apologize for what happened but he told me that he didn't want to talk to me because apparently he had broken up with his girlfriend and his brother was in the hospital because he had had surgery. Then after a while he told me that he was going to a friend's house to have a barbecue and that he was invited. Despite still being angry with him, I decided to go and that I had the opportunity to talk about what happened. When I had a moment alone with him he told me ""I don't want to talk about it, I already have enough problems to add yours."" I was thinking about that all weekend. I honestly don't think he did anything wrong, it was a business or a favor that was not successful, that both he and I were intermediaries. If he was on bad terms with these partners, I was on bad terms with him due to a decision by the student union. . I understand that you may have problems and they have caused that reaction but I must not allow myself to receive that lack of respect and honestly I was not looking for confrontation but every time I think about that situation I get a burst of anger. What should I do? Should I tell him how I feel or should I tell him to fuck off? I need help from anonymous people on Reddit. Am I The Asshole?"
10	9	adjudicated	ESH	"UPDATE He came home around 3am. We spoke this morning. I did not yell or anything like that. I jokingly prodded at him. I said hey next time just let me know so I don't wonder if you're dead or something. I'm not sure if he 100% understands why it wasn't great for me but we shall see. I'm also going to spend more time thinking about if this is the right relationship for me given that this isn't the first time I've felt like i didnt matter (and that also probably played a role in why I felt upset yesterday). 

Thanks for everyone who weighed in. It also helps to be able to vent and get other perspectives when you're not sure if you're really justified in how you're feeling!


--

Original post:
For context, we are on a trip. My partner is representing their company at an event. The event was a few days long and today is the last day. I've mainly just kept myself busy during the day and we would reconnect at night/in the morning.

Well today my partner says that oh its the last day. They'll probably network a bit after but it shouldn't be that late. 

Fast forward to the afternoon. My partner says they're ""going drinking with the boys"". I was out exploring so I didn't think too much of it. I came home and had a meeting around 10pm (business with someone in a different timezone). I asked if they could pick something up to eat on their way home, no response. 

Hours pass and I decide fine I'll just go and get something myself but also feeling a bit irritated that now it was after midnight and I still hadn't heard from them.

They sent a joke a little bit after and that was the last I heard from them. Now it's after 1am, going towards 2am and I still haven't heard anything else from them/they haven't come back. 

I'm starting to feel pretty upset. I know that we don't need to spend every minute together but when you have a partner shouldn't you communicate where you are/timing especially when it's this late? 

Also, is someone really ""networking"" after 1am? & if you're just ""drinking with the boys"" shouldn't you tell the boys, hey I have a partner waiting for me? I don't know. Maybe I'm being unreasonable. Am I that asshole for being upset?


Edit: adding more info -

They invited me along because the event was only a few days and they thought it could be a fun vacation outside of the event times (and we would be staying more time outside of just the event days).

We've been seeing each other for a couple of months.

We are in a different country but we are in Europe and live in Europe.

Edit 2: the trip is supposed to last another week. It was their idea to bring me as they thought it'd be fun. It isn't a company event. It's a conference in which they're representing the company.  I'm not mad that they're busy. I'm upset that it's almost 2am and I haven't heard from them.


Edit 3: I was told we can hangout especially because i wasn't going to stay longer at first. He explicitly told me he would be done around 9/10pm. I also wasn't upset that it ended up going over, just upset that he didn't say anything to me about the time even when I had texted him.

I'm wondering if I'd be TA if i left. I have other things going on back home and I was skipping them tp spend some time with him so I'm thinking perhaps if he has his own thing (not even sure if the boys counts as networking) then I should go do my own thing"
205	199	adjudicated	YTA	"I understand I am probably being irrational but I have felt so overwhelmed with guilt since it happened. 

To give some context, I was on my way home from work and was waiting at the bus stop when a person standing by me suddenly fell back. I heard their head hit the pavement and the next thing I knew, their friend was on the ground screaming and begging someone to call 911. 


I froze up. I had my phone in my hand, my brain was telling me to just unlock it and dial 911, but I just stared blankly at this screaming person instead. 

They looked right at me and started to scream again ""why are you just standing there?!? Why aren't you doing anything!!?!"" 

I continued to stare blankly and didn't call 911, didn't attempt CPR after they screamed their friend wasn't breathing. I am trained to do CPR, I know all the steps. I just renewed my certification this year. I still just stood there and did nothing. 



Here is what I thinks makes me TA, when my brain finally processed fully what was happening there were cadets everywhere trying to get the person breathing again, nobody had called 911 yet (to my knowledge) I instead called someone in a full panic begging them to come pick me up because I was sure I had just saw someone die. 


AITA? Should I have called 911 when I finally was able to process everything?"
92	362	adjudicated	TTA	"I am pregnant with my 4th, very soon after having my 3rd. It was not a planned pregnancy and to be honest i was a little embarrassed to be pregnant again 6 months postpartum, especially since my husband and i were in a REALLY bad place during the last pregnancy. I was embarrassed, it felt irresponsible, none the less we are happy and grateful and looking forward to another little squish. Anyway, I started showing pretty much right away. My mom noticed and demanded i tell her the truth which was unpleasant as i was not ready to share the news. That interaction was somewhat traumatizing for some reason and i kind of hid out for the next three months so that i wouldnt have to answer any unwanted questions. When i emerged i fielded questions as they came but didnt volunteer any info.  
Even though my sister lives 5 minutes away i didn't see her over these 3 months, my parents were away and if its not them or me initiating she's pretty much just doing her own thing since she's recentlyish divorced and just newley doing the social life/ dating thing. I did see her recently but she didn't ask and I didn't share. She didn't notice, which is shocking as I am quite large and am typically not large.  
I ran into her ex with there son the other day, her ex noticed, i confirmed, the 10 year old son told his mom (my sister) that i told him... Sister called my parents, parents told me I'm a terrible person and need to call her and tell her immediately, and to pretend that they didn't know yet either or something stupid like that.  
I feel gross about all of it. The way my parents treated me first by demanding to know when i was barely 6 weeks pregnant, then by telling me how horrible i was for not sharing with my siblings. The way she called my parents instead of just calling me when she found out. AITA?"
221	274	adjudicated	NAH	"I (18) have this friend (19) who asked me if he could stay with me and my family for christmas since he doesn’t have a good relationship with his own family. And I love him very much, but the thought of him joining the already anxiety-inducing gathering with my whole family just makes me extremely uncomfortable… 
I feel so bad for not wanting him around for the holidays bc he’s severely depressed and I just know that if I turn him down, he WILL take it personal. I know this makes me sound like a coldhearted asshole, but it’s not like I‘m the only friend he could ask or like I wasn’t there for him in the past. He has stayed with us whenever he wasn’t feeling well for numerous days and that multiple times, but having him here for the holidays just sends my anxiety to the moon.
So AITA?

EDIT: I realized that I kinda made it sound like the reason I don’t want him to come over was his depression. So just to clarify, my reluctance to have him around has nothing to do with his mental illness! I thought it was important to mention that he’s depressed, bc he’s already not doing well and I do not want him to feel even worse by turning him down!"
453	50	adjudicated	ESH	"I’m 17 and my older brother is 18. We also have a 9 year old sister and a 5 year old sister.

Anyways, my brother “Max” is extremely protective of us. He’s the only boy and the oldest so everyone likes making all those “big brother” jokes and I suppose he really took them all to heart.

Either way, it’s annoying.

Ever since he graduated high school, he barely leaves the house. He decided to take a gap year so no college. He doesn’t hang out with his friends and I can’t even tell you if him and his gf are still dating. 

His day is literally wake up, drive us to school, clean the house, make lunch, pick us up from school, make us eat, then he follows us around helping us with whatever before making dinner and then putting the younger two to bed. This isn’t normal right? 

What’s worse is whenever I wanna go out, he interrogates me and whoever I’m with. Our dad doesn’t even care idk why he does?? He doesn’t let me do ANYTHING. Driving? Too dangerous. Baking? Too dangerous. Going out with my boyfriend? Too dangerous. Go jogging? Too dangerous.

Mom and dad are busy with work so they aren’t really seeing it, but I know they’re seeing something because mom always jokes about how he doesn’t have to clean the house every day or that he needs to get a life. 

She only gets mad when he tries to correct her or when they argue over my littlest sister’s bedtime routine or diet. Typing that out was so weird.

The other day I was rearranging my closet and my brother comes in to ask what I’m doing. I tell him and he doesn’t seem to care. But he doesn’t leave and tells me he can do it for me if I’d like. I tell him no thanks. He says okay but doesn’t leave and every time I folded something or hung something up, he’d redo it. There’s literally no difference. 

I completely lost it when he literally snatched a sweater out of my hands while I was folding it. I snatched it back and told him to fuck off and rearrange his own fucking closet. He was all like “I just wanna help” and I told him that no one wants his help and to please stop acting like a loser. 

Mom and dad heard my yelling and came in. Max told them he’s just trying to help and I think he started crying so mom and dad obviously took his side because he never cries. They told me to watch myself and be more appreciative of him but they don’t get it because they’re never home to see it. But now I’m in trouble and Max isn’t talking to me (he’s still hovering over me though). Plus he cried. I’m just confused. I know he’s just trying to help but I can’t be 100% in the wrong here??"
153	16	adjudicated	NAH	"I (F, late 20s) graduated college nearly a decade ago (I was admitted young). I am the oldest, and my younger siblings are all going on to attend the same college I went to.

Whenever one of them is admitted, my parents want me to help them figure out schedules, programs, online vs in-person, housing, etc. Basically to be an on-hand academic advisor. I wouldn't mind helping, but the issue is that the college frequently updates their systems and changes their processes. They've also demolished a lot of their student housing and built new ones since I graduated. It hasn't been totally unrecognizable, but they've added several new programs that I am just not aware of, so I don't know how they work. My parents have often guilt-tripped me my saying that I don't care about helping my family, but that's not the case at all; I just don't know how to do what they want anymore. 

Today, I got a text from my parents saying another one of my siblings has been admitted to this school. I was bombarded with questions about more programs I'd never heard of, and ""Are they allowed to take these classes together,"" ""Can they take all online classes or do they have to take some in-person."" I couldn't answer a single one of these; not only is this sibling not even in my same degree, they wanted to join a program that was created withing the last year that I'd never heard of.

I texted back saying I could take a look, but pointed out that it's been almost 10 years since I graduated and it just isn't the same as when I went. I was honest and told them they should probably ask an academic advisor from the school and that I'm probably not the best resource anymore. 

I haven't heard back and I'm bracing myself for another flood of questions I can't answer and some passive-aggressive guilt tripping. I feel like I might be the jerk because maybe I'm wrong for not even trying; I just know that the system has been getting more and more unfamiliar to me over the years and I think having me go over it with them would be a waste of time when they could talk to an advisor.

AITA?"
24	76	adjudicated	TTA	"My husband and I have been married for 6 years. Together 10.

Before we met, he had an affair (he was the 'other man') with his mother's best friend.
He was super young (maybe 22 yo) and she was in her 40s going through a rough patch in her own marriage. Only lasted a few months- he claims mostly about the drugs and sex for him... and to make his parents mad.

Fast forward 15 years, my MIL has rekindled her friendship with that friend. I thought it was icky but I stayed out of it for a while.

Now my MIL lives with us. And she keeps insisting she be able to have this friend over to our home and wants us to hang out together. Get over what happened in the past.

But I can't. I don't think it's a boundary I should have to budge on. She can go out all she wants with her. But why do I have to welcome her in my home with my kids and my husband?

My husband thinks I'm making a big deal out of it but says it's my call to make. 

AITA if I tell my MIL she can't have this friend over?"
380	128	adjudicated	NAH	"I (19f) and my bf (23m) have been together for 2 years. We met when I was about to turn 18 and I moved in as my home life wasn't the best. It was strictly supposed to be roommates but then we ended up messing around. I had 2 jobs and did not want a relationship. Over the 5 months before we would get together, he would tell me and our mutual friend that he wanted to go places in life and we should try to, and with me working at a fast food and gas station, I needed to do better. I also had dropped out at that point and he was very clear that he did not think I would make it without it. He would push us severely to change and be how he thought we should be, then finally chilled out right before we got together.

It's now a year and a half later, we have moved into a house I rent, and I work at a very nice tech company. I am the youngest there and am pretty high up for someone of my age group (19). I am back in school and working towards graduating, started getting my credit up, and doing everything in my power to set myself up for a good life. My bf is working a night job and whenever he is not there, is on the game. We were supposed to fix the house up so we could have an in home gym, refinish the basement, and other projects. He has not helped besides 20 minutes of putting things in a trash can and when I ask him to help me, he never wants to. Wants to go to college but will not see what he needs to do to take the next step for it. He had legal issues last year and refused to get a lawyer or anything regarding his case, so I went and got him a lawyer and attended all the meetings. The one meeting I asked him to go to, he freaked out bc he didn't want to go. This situation has basically been our relationship anytime he needs to do something for himself, it's put onto me 
    I have told him that I do not feel like he is going anywhere in life at this point and that he needs to do something for himself. I told him if he got off the game sometimes, he maybe could reach these goals. He told me there is nothing to do at this point and has stopped doing anything all together, refusing to make phone calls for himself, make appointments, or look at classes for college then complains about how he wants to go so bad. I am tired of beating around the bush and tell him straight up that where he is in life is because of his actions and he won't go anywhere until he stops being lazy and expecting me to get him places He feels like I'm the asshole but I don't see it. This man was harsh in the fact of telling me I needed to do something better with my life when we met and now won't take his same advice. Am I the asshole?"
36	409	adjudicated	TTA	I f(25) and my partner f(24) live together and have very opposing positions on houseguests. I do not like to host overnight houseguests very often it is stressful for me to have to pick up slack on the increased cleaning, cooking an entertaining so I tend to be very choosy about when and for how long I will allow someone to stay over at my house. My partner on the other hand believes that our door should be open to any family or friends whenever they wish and forever how long they wish. This has been an ongoing disagreement as she tells people they can stay at our home and I put a stop to it if I’m not comfortable with it. Most recently her younger sister came to stay with us for a week because her and her live in boyfriend were not getting along so I allowed her to stay while they work their issues out. It has been a lot of work having to cook extra food, dishes, laundry, entertaining etc. Now that her sister has gone home my partner wants to let one of her friends stay over this weekend and I said no because I haven’t even had a chance to mentally recover from hosting her sister. When I told her I didn’t want to have anyone spend the night this weekend and I just wanted a quiet house to ourselves she got super angry with me and told be I was being selfish. I don’t think it’s selfish to not want to host people at my home all the time but I am second guessing myself because her friend and all of her family agree that I am in the wrong. So AITA for saying no to having houseguests?
418	53	adjudicated	TTA	"My niece (13) was at my house and found some chocolate meal replacement shakes my husband brings with him to work. They don't have any weird supplements or anything just protein and vitamins. She asked to try one so I said sure and she liked it so she finished it. She also ate some popcorn and other stuff. I in no way forced her to drink it or told her she couldn't have other food (she did). This is important because my SIL is acting like I was. 

Anyway I guess she asked SIL if she could get some and SIL is PISSED at me. Like called me screaming asking if I was trying to give her child disordered eating and it doesn't matter if she's a little overweight. I explained niece just wanted to try it and she said I shouldn't be pushing diet problems on children and what would I do when I have daughters and who knows what could be in those etc. She was just absolutely livid. 

Anyway I hung up on her and when my husband got off shift he called his brother. His brother said SIL was just trying to be very positive and maybe overreacted. I texted her and apologized for giving niece something like that without telling her and she said come back to me when you've done research into the harm of pushing diet products on teen girls and bla bla bla. 

At this point I'm just kind of done. AITA?"
7	124	adjudicated	YTA	"So I’am a student and for this term at school we had to write a paper/report on the topic from this term. Now we were paired up so me and a classmate had to write the paper together. About 2 days ago i got a message from them asking if i had written anything for the paper. I hadn’t, but it was my birthday so i didn’t have any time to respond as i was celebrating. So today i send a message back (forgot to do it yesterday) saying i didn’t do anything yet but i was gonna get on it today. I then get a lengthy text back, basically saying they had finished writing it and were gonna hand in the paper by themself. This kind of took me by surprise as i didn’t know they had started at all, as they hadn’t communicated that to me. I apologised for not helping to write the paper, but i did feel like it wasn’t entirely my fault. i feel like there just wasn’t enough communication, as i was under the impression they hadn’t done anything either. AITA here?

Edit. I can see some confusion in the comments. We had to do weekly projects for this paper. which i did do, and then after the projects were done (the last one was done last week) you had to write a minimum of 1 page per project about it (4 projects so 4 pages excluding the data graphs we made over the last weeks). It’s currently a vacation week where i live so we hadn’t talked this week. the project is due in 2 weeks. i hope that helps make things a bit clearer."
487	330	adjudicated	TTA	"A lot of thanksgiving plans fell through this year.  My wife and I are having work done on our house and the project is behind schedule.  I was talking to my mom about Thanksgiving and my mom brought up the idea of hosting Thanksgiving at her house and inviting my wife’s family,  I told my wife about my mom’s idea.  She told her mother.

My mother in law was pissed at me and my mom.  My mother in law is insulted that my wife told her about Thanksgiving instead of getting a direct invitation."
419	389	adjudicated	TTA	"I won't go into depth, but to summarize, I (f19) went to visit my sister (f22, call her sarah)  for afew days.
My oldest sister (f35, call her eve ) came with her husband (m40, call him james) and baby (m1) to visit us as we never see eachother all together anymore.
I've always struggled with my anxeity and honestly thought I'd overcome it, when Sarah and James asked me why I have my jacket on, mind you, it's a open cropped jacket, and it's 35°, it was all in my best interest and I didn't think anything of it, just saying that I wasn't hot.
The remarks about my clothing style and body kept on coming, naturally, glasses, socks and jackets are my security blanket, so I'm always wearing one of those items.
The other day, we were all sitting in the lounge when James asked me why I had my socks on, I explained that socks are like a security blanket, but Sarah and James didn't.drop.it.
If there's anything I can't handle, it's being put on the spot, and that's what the entire weekend revolved around. By the time eve and James left, it was just me and my sister, we were sharing a bed about to sleep when she said ""your socks stink, take them off"" I knew she was only trying to get me to take them off so I said no and that I'd changed them before I got into bed. She then gave me the ultimatum  ""either take your socks off or sleep in the lounge, this is my home"" I felt so attacked, that's when I lost it, I said I'll sleep in the lounge and now she's mad at me.

A part of me is ready to cut this trip short because her tantrums and remarks haven't stopped, and maybe I'm a baby, but I don't handle fighting well. On top of that my anxeity seems to have jumped through the roof since this weekend.

AITA?"
325	283	adjudicated	TTA	"I (22f) recently dropped out of my cousin(19f) Dana's wedding.  It all started when my cousin got engaged.  I was excited for her, completely, but I won't lie when I say I was disappointed to not be asked to join the wedding party.  I probably wouldn't have felt like this if it weren't for A: Dana asking me if my son could be in it.  And B: Dana asking our cousin (20F) Jane to be a bridesmaid.

I did let it go though, it's her wedding and she can do what she wants.  About a month after her engament I was asked to be a bridesmaid. Why? Because someone else backed out and Dana didn't have anyone else to fill her place. I accepted and was excited to be involved, but I realize now it was foolish.

Threw out the year, every event , get together, ect that involved the bridesmaids or wedding party that I could go to,  Dana would change the date of the event last minute. I did feel like I was intentionally being left out of things, however I chalked it up to me over thinking. 

Then came the Bachelorette party.  Dana again sent a group text asking if the date worked for everyone.  I along with everyone else said yes, but I then was asked by Dana privately if I was for sure coming.  I said yes, and said I already took off work to attend.  She ignored my message, then a week later changed  the date of the party, AGAIN. I was so mad because I couldn't attend the party because of the short notice.

Jane and I both weren't able to attend due to work, and decided to meet up.  During our meet up, I dumped my feelings on Jane, complaining how I felt constantly left out of things.  Jane then sighed and told me the truth.  Dana had been changing her events dates on PURPOSE, just so I couldn't attend. Not only that but her reason was because I was ""no fun"" and didn't have any ""Social skills"" and would just bring the mood down.

I was shocked and hurt. I never knew Dana felt the way she did.  Being so upset I told Jane I was dropping from the wedding. She supported me, but when I told Dana all hell broke loose.  It was a month before the wedding and apparently no one could fill my spot.  All my family including my mom are calling me an asshole and to ""suck it up"" so I don't ruin Dana's wedding.  I'm still letting my son be in it but I genuinely feel very hurt and don't think I can continue in the wedding knowing how disliked I am.  I wonder if I'm over reacting but AITA?"
105	56	adjudicated	NAH	"Before my brother went to jail, he asked me to look after his dog. I noticed that the dog seemed overweight and took her to the animal hospital where she is registered. Her vet said she has indeed gained a lot of weight since her last check up and then told me to feed her Royal Canin's weight management food. I did as he instructed, fed her the prescribed food and also gave her longer play sessions(she was a really good girl during her visit so I bought her a new toy at the animal hospital as a reward). She lost the extra weight and is now in good shape.

When my brother was released though, he got upset. It turns out she is now refusing to eat what he used to feed her. He said I should have just stuck with extra exercise and cheaper weight loss food, or asked him first before switching her diet to something more expensive. Am I the asshole for not asking him first?"
179	369	adjudicated	NAH	"15 years ago my parents wanted to invest in real estate and found two properties(Land) adjacent to each other. Right before the registration my aunt(mum’s sister) and uncle wanted to buy the same land after they accompanied my parents to check out the land once before registering. 


My parents are the sweetest human beings and they couldn’t say no. Finally my aunt bought one land(one closer to main road) and we bought the land next to it.


The property that my parents bought is L shaped(10Cent in total) a small piece of land connects the entire property to main road. My parents wants to leave it that way but my uncle and aunt wants my parents to give the portion that connects to the main road and register it in their name so that their land will be a one big square. 


The property value has increased 35times more and the piece of land that they expect to be given for free is 2 Cent and trust me it’s not cheap. 


My parents have said no over the years multiple times but my uncle is not able to take a no. Recently in a conversation he mentioned that since the land was bought for a cheaper rate, giving away it to them shouldn’t be a big deal and again my parents said no.



Recently while visiting them, my uncle brought this up and said it was cheap when you bought. I snapped and said “it was a property my parents found and we will be happy to pay the same amount that you paid during registration if you are ready to sell since you keep mentioning how cheap it was”, for obvious reasons my aunt said the value has increased dramatically and I reminded her that 2 cents is also expensive and they need to stop pestering my parents regarding this.



My parents think that I shouldn’t have said anything and it was between elders to deal with. The way I said was extremely rude but I hate how casually someone could ask for a free property which costs a lot and I cannot tolerate the entitlement.



This aunt is very important, she played a very important role while I grew up and thinks me as her own daughter and I love her to death and that’s why my parents might think should have kept my opinion to myself.



Edit: I just want to add why I had to interfere in this conversation because my aunt and uncle has been asking this for years and my mum has complained to me multiple times how it makes her uncomfortable to say “no” to her sister, I just felt like I could put an end since I am an adult now but I am not sure if I did the right thing.


Edit 2: I am legally the owner of the land because my parents registered it under my name when I was a minor with them being my legal guardian and now I am 23 years old and I have the complete ownership and not my parents."
364	47	adjudicated	NAH	"Update : yes my friend does know about my situation I saw a few comments wondering if she knew . Ok so for context I am (22F) and my friend is (26F) Who just recently found out she was expecting, I am happy for her and have told her so ! However, a few months ago me and my boyfriend found out that I would not be able to conceive naturally if at all. When I got the news I went a little manic, not going to lie . I spent my whole life raising other people's children and I have spent years working in childcare and I am currently planning on going back to school to work with special needs children, imagining my life growing up I have never imagined my life without kids. My entire life all I have ever wanted was to be a mother. So understandably this news was really hard to wrap my mind around. Since getting the news I have had to step away from childcare and get a job in healthcare for adults for my own mental health, I have avoided baby showers, gender reveals, and other things relating to baby's or pregnancy. However, over the past few months several of my friends and family have become pregnant or have welcomed a new baby, I know that this may sound selfish but I find myself quite envious of this . Do not get me wrong I have so happy for them and excited for them but its been hard to sit a watch almost everyone in my life have something I may never have. SOO when my friend and her bf who is very good friends with my bf came to us and told us the news, I was excited for them but it also made my heart hurt, she is one of my only two close friends and since becoming pregnant all she's been able to talk about is being pregnant and it's not all good things, a lot of the time its a complaint about how frustrating it is or how upset she is that she can't drink. Sometimes it's about an ultrasound and hearing her baby's heartbeat for the first time, all things I may never have, I've talked to my bf about being upset an not wanting to hear about only the baby and her pregnancy every time we spend time with [them](https://them.My). My bf thinks I'm being unfair and i should just be happy for them, BTW i couldn't be happier for them but hearing about it still hurts. I feel like my bf does not truly understand where I'm coming from considering he has a child from a previous relationship , he has had all those first with his son. I know some of you will comment about his son also being mine as well, I have fully excepted his son as my own and am willing to be a mother figure to him , however he is in the middle of a custody battle for reasons I wont go into full detail about but they had him very very young and so on ...so I have never met his son in person I have only ever spoken to him over the phone . Soooo   I want to know if I am being the A-Hole for not wanting to hear about my friend's pregnancy all the time.

&#x200B;"
81	82	adjudicated	TTA	"Brand new to Reddit but needed to make this post so sorry if I do anything wrong.

Some context is required for this, I have been friends with this person for a very long time and he has always been kinda flakey when it comes to money, regardless of how well-off he is. A lot of ""oops, forgot my wallet at home"" and us paying for him only for him to never offer to pay us back in any way. 

A little background on me: I'm a college student but I'm fairly well-off financially due to a lot of saving up when I was younger and having a job. My friends know this and make fun of me sometimes for being ""rich,"" but we all have jobs and go out fairly regularly.

The other day, my friend texts me asking if I can spare some money. They were 2 months late paying their college tuition and can't afford any more late fees, and the amount is pretty substantial (about 5k). They asked if I could spare some money and promised to pay me back, insisting it did not have to be the full amount and anything helps.

However, I have a few things that have been preventing me from spending a lot of money recently. First, I'm currently applying to grad school, and paying the application fees myself as well as potentially buying a plane ticket or gas money to look at potential schools. Secondly, I'm studying abroad this summer (part of my major requirement) and have to pay for at least some of it out of pocket. Lastly, and the part that may make me the AH...

I just don't want to lend him the money. I know I'll probably never see it again, his other friends have lent him quite a bit, and I don't feel comfortable sending large amounts through Venmo (which is how he wanted me to send the money). I also know he's had plenty of time he could have gotten the money and has a job of his own. 

I was gonna let it all slide, but today I was chatting with him and some friends and casually mentioned thinking of buying a used gaming PC. All of a sudden he said, ""oh, well you're probably not in the right financial situation right now anyway."" When I said ""What?"" he doubled down, saying ""all I'm saying is you probably can't afford it right now,"" essentially guilt-tripping me in front of all my friends for not lending him money.

I don't know, I feel like an AH but also he's being really weird about the whole thing. AITA?"
443	166	adjudicated	YTA	"I (23NB) have chronic dysmenorrhea. To put it simply, I often have the genuine equivalent of an appendicitis once a month whenever my often-irregular period starts. I'm talking about calling out of work, wailing and whimpering in the bathroom, biting down on and chewing carboard tissue boxes and usually taking a medically inadvisable cocktail of painkillers while having BOTH a heat pad and TENS machine going on while listening to some binaural beats for placebo until, exhausted, the pain finally receeds. (No, my family doctor has done nothing useful. Dismissed my concerns for endo or PCOS, wouldn't run tests, said period cramps are normal and just offered birth control which is bad for my depression and my predisposition for breast cancer.) 


I'm officially moving out of the family home tomorrow, and my mother, her boyfriend and my younger brother are helping me move in, having rented a moving truck and everything. This morning, my mother was supposed (she offered) to drive me to my new place with some heavy baskets of groceries to drop them off early this morning so it would be taken care of and out of the way since she has a funeral (a choir friend's 100 year old late mother) to attend tomorrow morning. As fate would have it, the Blood Gods unexpectedly demanded tribute as soon as I woke up today. I immediately scrambled for a strong painkiller, my tens+heating pad and the nearest bathroom. The pain quickly became an alternate between a 7 and an 8 out of 10-- I was in full cardboard-chewing, breaking out in cold sweat mode. I texted my mom to call off the grocery drop off entirely (in my mind we would reschedule to whenever was convenient for her, but maybe I should've communicated better?) and she didn't take it well, even though I told her where I was on the pain scale and that I felt like I had an appendicitis. 


My mom (who has been dealing with chronic pain after a being hit by a car ten years ago) insisted on going to drop off my groceries by herself instead and doing the lifting involved instead of rescheduling ""because I can't fxcking do it all tomorrow"" even though ""I won't be fxcking shouldering your move alone. I won't."" She was slamming doors and there was some shouting. She says that in real life people take painkillers and suck it up and that I can't lose my whole day over period pain. I told her I already had taken painkillers and asked her what the f***k she wanted me to do. I think it's f*cked up that she went alone. The pain has now gone down to a 3/10 and it was about a 5/10 by the time she started leaving and slamming doors so I wonder if I should've somehow sucked it up and gone even though I'm also bleeding a lot and had neither eaten nor showered. She couldn't wait for the painkiller to really kick in or for me to grab a quick bite because she has an appointment right after this today. The original plan had me taking the public transit home after this. I feel guilty. I think it's ridiculous that she went alone and I never would've dreamed of asking that of her.

AITA?

Edit: I forgot to clarify that I *did* take birth control on and off for several years, as early as 16 years old. I stopped because it didn't make a strong difference for my pain, worsened my depression to the point of dangerous suicicidality, gave me facial hair and heightened my risk of breast cancer- my father's entire family was wiped out by cancer

Edit 2: thank you for the judgements coming in. It's making me realise that I probably should've tried harder to come up with an alternative plan. I didn't ask her to go alone, I'm appalled and I feel terrible that she felt like she had to. I wanted to reschedule but she just totally shot the idea down saying she couldn't worry about helping me moving and helping me with the groceries at the same time. I didn't want to risk ticking her off even harder by arguing and I did see her point so I let it go but maybe I shouldn't have. I never would've thought of making her go alone. I've been taking painkillers before bedtime for like half a week for when it would start of but I think it wore off before the pain kicked in this morning. 

Edit 3: changed ""doors slamming"" to clarify she was slamming doors. 


Edits: typos and clarifications"
365	32	adjudicated	TTA	"I 28f rent the upper floor of a house. The downstairs has another couple that we are pretty amicable with. The landlord stays mostly out of the picture opting to let a building management company deal with maintenance and other issues.

In May I went to use the hose and when I turned it off the water kept coming. I called the building management and they took hours to come shut the water off. Then told me someone would come fix it. I sent out an email outlining the hose needing fixed, out kitchen tap needing replaced and our bathtub needed recaulked. All of which were super easy fixes.

So my first email was in May. In the time between May and now, October, I've spoken to 3 different people in person, once over the phone, and sent 6 emails in regards to the maintenance. At this point I'm angry because our kitchen sink isn't working right, and I have no way of watering my garden that I spend a few hundred $ on. So I send another email bluntly detailing again that the maintenance isn't done. I also sent the email to the building manager, her boss, my mom (who cosigns), and my husband.

Basically she clapped back that maybe if I had reached out sooner things wouldn't have taken so long. She also said she wouldn't tolerate me taking my frustration out on her (im assuming because i clapped back with ""how many emails would be an appropriate amount? One a week, one a day until the issue is resolved?"").Although probably a little too sassy and blunt, I will point out that I never once swore, berated, belittled, or otherwise insulted this woman. Let alone raise my voice at her, as most of this is via email so I have a record of it.

P.s the last email was on Monday so it's now been 4 days and I still haven't heard from the maintenance guy.

I'm just at a loss. AITA?"
264	143	adjudicated	TTA	"My sister’s (29F) birthday was a little over a month ago. She said previously, a few times, that she didn’t want a birthday get together this year. 

I’m (32F) usually the one who plans hers, but if it’s not me, then it’s either our other sister or my BIL. This year, she wanted to go to a concert, so her husband got her those tickets and they went. My brother and SIL kept their children for them. Because she said she didn’t want a celebration, and she had plans to go to the concert, I didn’t plan a dinner. Nobody else did, either. 

A little over a week after, our dad said he was going to have a cookout for my sister’s birthday bc he does it for everyone else. I now live almost 200 miles away. I was in my hometown to collect some things from my old house Thursday and Friday that week, but my (foster) son had his first soccer game on Saturday morning, so I told them I wouldn’t be able to make the dinner. 
 
**As a side note: I borrowed her couch while I lived in my trailer. She is using my chest of drawers. She knew for weeks that I was moving and never made an attempt to get her couch, even when she knew I was in town packing. One of my little brothers (23 M) was helping me pack and said she had gifted the couch to him, but he didn’t have room for it. I didn’t either, so I left it in the trailer but didn’t tell my sister. This happened at the same time this was all going on.** 

My sister was LIVID. “I’m so glad to see that after everything, you can just turn your back on me and your family when you get your own little family. Really shows me how much you give a sh**.”  She told me to enjoy my new life and we haven’t spoken since. It’s been 27 days. 

My SIL (23F)  told me later that my sister was talking very badly of me at our dad’s house for skipping her birthday dinner to go to my kid’s game. SIL also said that other my brother 25M)  defended my choice, stating that the kids come first and she would’ve done the same if it had been any of her three children. 

I grew up with a parent who didn’t attend my school events or art shows or anything, and I remember growing up thinking they didn’t care enough about me to show up. I didn’t want my boy to feel that way; but was I wrong for not going? I would have had to drive almost 200 miles back home to see an hour long game just to turn around and drive back to my hometown to have dinner for maybe 2 hours, and then drive back that evening. 

Thank you for your opinions! 🖤"
88	312	adjudicated	TTA	"I'm M22, single, and this year my family (?) kicked me out of the house. I must mention that I have autism + some anxiety issues + alexithymia (I don't know how to identify my emotions and externalize them adequately).
  

  
Until the beginning of this year, I lived with my parents (*Rose* & *Carlos*) and my 3 older brothers (*Juan*, *Sergio*, and *Diana*). It had been like this for as long as I can remember, until a year after I graduated from college (January of this year).
  

  
I get along very well with my brothers and my father. I can't say the same for my mother (*Rose*) unfortunately, who for as long as I can remember gave us severe punishments for the slightest mistake and for trying to ""defy her"" (asking her things whose answer goes beyond ""because I say that"").
  

  
Jumping to January of this year, on a Saturday (not a business day from my job), *Juan* who is living with his wife calls me on my phone and tells me to go to his house immediately.
  

  
I go and he tells me that *Rose* had called him and told him that she wanted me out of her house, that I was too quiet, and that she ""couldn't stand it anymore"". Therefore, he should receive me in his house (by then he had not even given time to consult this with his wife and I didn't know it) because *Rose* didn't want me in her house.
  

  
I didn't know how to react to news like this. On the one hand, I wanted to become independent, to be away from, mainly, *Rose*; but on the other hand, I kept wondering why they ""had decided"" that they didn't want me anymore from one day to another, since after all, I didn't treat her particularly bad as she did with me, but treating her just as anyone in the family, or at least that how I remember since my memories are also blurry. Then I moved.
  

  
Fast forward to a few months ago, *Sergio* decided to come visit me. ""How convenient!"" I thought because I wanted to ask him about it. He tells me that *Rose* kicked me out because when I came home from work, I didn't greet anyone and that I was going to go straight to bed so I wouldn't have to see anyone's face.
  

  
He told me that my attitude repeatedly made them understand that ""I was not going to lower myself to the level of my family who is unemployed, and that I'm not going to speak to them just because I have a job and they don't"". In my mind the word ""***WTF!?***"" resonated every second.
  

  
*Sergio* also told me that although *Rose* made that decision very abruptly, that I deserved to be kicked out of the house. Of course, I told *Sergio* at once that that was not my intention.
  

  
I still can't believe that they have justified what they did with that explanation, and at this point, I'm tired of giving it any more thought than I would like to, but my conscience is eating away at me and although a little time has passed, I still can't process all of this.
  

  
**That's why I'm anxious to know, AITA?**"
241	184	adjudicated	NAH	"I (25) female come from a slightly large family, being in the middle I tend to learn about most juicy details of my siblings lives, and normally it's just a bunch of drama. Lately, particularly one of my older sisters who is 29, and I have been getting really close. Which we never have been in the past. Infact I would go as far to say that we never really got along at all. 

For some back story, I moved out of my family's place a few months ago, and in with my boyfriend. After some very strong opinions of disagreements of me moving out, half of my family stopped talking to me, and suddenly my sister (let's call her Marry) became rather talkative with me. A couple times a week, we would call, and I'd listen to her pour out about: work, kids, dating, etc. I would pour out about my life: my cats, my bf, and me truly getting my life together for once. Over all pure happiness. 

Lately, Marry talked about a particular gentleman (we will call Cooper) that she was steadily seeing, and even sent me photos of him. Telling me about thier dates, some things about his personal life, and it seemed like they were really hitting things off. As well as it seemed quite serious. Which I was genuinely happy for her since she was going through a rough patch. She deserved something good in her life for a change. 

My younger brother who we will call James (22) has been helping me since he held some of my paperwork that my family gave him to give to me since they were not talking to me. I called him to catch up with him and to see if he could mail me some things. Which he was more than happy to help as well to talk to me. I brought up the subject of Marry seeming happy with her new guy Cooper. Even joked that perhaps we possibly would have a new addition to the family if things goes well enough with them.

James went silent and quit serious. Asking what I meant she was seeing someone. Then asked all kinds of questions. Of how long they were seeing eachother and the like. I personally didn't see a problem in telling him, he's always been like this when any of us girls tell my brother about anyone we are dating, so I didn't think anything of it. When he finished questioning me, he broke it to me that Marry was also dating his best friend(lets call him Todd), but lately she was blowing him off. Everytime Todd set up a date, Marry gave him an excuse, and when Marry was at a beach that you could walk around in your all natural birthday suit with Cooper. She told Todd she was too sick for their date. That she was looking forward to their next date. 

After we hung up, a few hours later I got a text from both Todd, and Marry. Todd asking me about Marry, of explaining on what was going on with her, and if I was certain. Marry claiming that she won't be talking to ""anyone"" anymore. Todd did thank me, saying at this point it doesn't matter anymore, but appreciated that I was hounest with him. 

I do feel terrible about the situation but I don't know. AITA?"
456	445	adjudicated	TTA	"WIBTA for not wanting to invite my friend to my wedding?

My fiance m18 and I f19 are planning to get married in May. We have a mutual friend who is f19, let's give her the name Jennifer (not her real name). She clearly likes my fiancé, but denies that she does. 

She gets touchy with him and he tells her that it makes him and myself uncomfortable but she doesn't listen. She was raised without boundaries but that is no excuse. When we all three hang out she basically ignores me and only wants to talk or hangout if i'm around my fiancé. 

For her to stop being touchy, I have to snap at her and become close to a mental breakdown and my fiance doesn't deserve to have to calm me down. My Fiancé does everything to try to stop it. Like putting things inbetween them and keeping his distance. 

Now I hadn't hit my breaking point with her until recently. She's already talked about wanting to and basically assumed she'd be there and at that time I agreed but now I'm not so sure. Here's my reason, one night after I fell asleep she wanted to call my fiancé, he said no because he didn't want to wake me up and he really didn't feel like talking anyway. She gets upset and says I guess I'll stay up all night and cry instead. 

My Fiancé didn't tell me immediately but as soon as I heard, I decided that was my last straw. I haven't told her I'm not inviting her yet but I plan to once me and my fiancé discuss it. My Fiancé is also distancing himself and feels uncomfortable talking to her.

My biggest fear is that she will make our wedding day awkward and I'd rather not be a babysitter to touchy woman-child. At this point I don't really consider her my friend. I will post updates when I can, especially after telling her."
52	131	adjudicated	NAH	"My partner and I share a few interests but also have a few that are completely different. For me I like being outdoors and going on nice walk in nature, hikes etc. We live in a part of the UK that doesn't have a lot of nice places to go walking/hiking so I like to go when I get the opportunity. 

Since my girlfriend doesn't share the interest it can be quite boring at times being on my own. My girlfriend and I went for drinks with a mutual friend. The mutual friend was initially just a friend of my gfs but we've all met up a few times and she's more of a mutual friend now. 

We were talking about the area and our friend mentioned a nice place she likes ot go hiking nearby. My girlfriend mentioned that it's something I would enjoy but that it's not for her so I never have anyone to go with. I said that I'd have to check it out and she mentioned that she was planning to go the following weekend and asked if I'd like to join her. She told my girlfriend she was obviously also invited.  I accepted the invitation and my girlfriend declined it. 

When we got home my girlfriend got annoyed and said I should have said no to going. I asked why and she said it's weird I'm planning to spend a day along hiking with another woman. I pointed out she was more than welcome to join us but she refused so it's not like we made the plans specifically to be alone. I told her that she knew I wanted someone to go hiking with and it's nice not going on my own at times. 

She said it's disrespectful and that I should cancel. I refused and she accused me of not respecting her and not considering her feelings. AITA for planning to go hiking with a friend?"
457	189	adjudicated	YTA	"So, for context; I work as a security guard in a shopping center, or strip mall as some would call it. We have no patrol vehicle, and I’m the only guard on-site. I end up averaging about 14 miles a day on a 8 hour shift as I am supposed to walk the site hourly. This makes me very tired at the end of each day, and very tired when I have to work a 12 hour shift, as I end up having to walk at least 20; though I normally work 8.

So, I usually get home and I’m exhausted. I have no energy left in me as I feel like I spent all day running a marathon. My legs hurt, and my joints are swollen. It’s not a big issue, I do understand it’s part of the job. This is where the issue lies…

When I come home my partner is angry. Angry that I don’t have the energy to do anything. Angry that I just want to come home and chill. Angry that I don’t want to clean up or do any house work. For context on my partner, they work anywhere from 3-5 days a week for 4-8 hours, landscaping. Sometimes only 3 days with 4 hour days, and maybe a 6 hour day on Friday.

We are down a guard, and I have not had a normal “work week” in about a month and a half because I’m covering all these shifts. When I get to my weekends, I do want to do stuff but I am not hyper-active about it. My legs are obviously still very sore the next day, and a little less on my 2nd day off depending on what I did the day prior. He’s angry because “you haven’t done anything for a month”.

I just feel like I might be the asshole here or maybe we both are, but I also don’t know how I’m supposed to even get the energy to clean the house after getting home from my shifts… so am I the asshole?"
219	234	adjudicated	YTA	"WIBTAH if I filed to terminate my exs’ rights? For context I am 24f and my fiancé is 24m. I have two children Raya( 4f) and Sam(1m). I have my ex who we will call Calvin and he is in his 30s. When I was in the military I was young and dumb and fell in love with Calvin.And so we continued to have a relationship when I got out of the military. He got stationed in Texas so I moved there to be with him because I was pregnant with his child (Raya). Things were okay until I got extremely sick. (Almost resulted in losing my baby because of how sick I got.) He would stay out late, he was buying expensive stuff that we couldn’t afford and he didn’t care that I was very sick. At 7 months pregnant you couldn’t tell I was pregnant. So my parents flew me from Texas back to California. And they took care of me from there. Calvin came to visit me to see the birth of our child. During labor he was on his phone the entire time and he was not comforting at all. 

Anyways that was just a sum of how we met and what happened during my pregnancy with my first child. Onto todays current problem. So I’ve made efforts into taking my daughter (Raya) to see his family twice, (mind you they live across the US and traveling with a young child is not easy). I’ve even stayed there for a couple months both times so that I could try to align his leave time with the time that I could get off of work. Both those visits he did not make the effort to try to align his leave with my time off. So he didn’t get to see her as my life does not revolve around his. He does not ask me how she is doing, he doesn’t send financial support and he has not seen her since her birth (she is now 4). He used the military as an excuse as did his family, when for all of his leave he would be using it to see his family and to not see our child. His mother keeps bugging me to see my daughter but I’ve gone to an attorney and the attorney said I’m not required to let his family see the child due to his abandonment.

My fiancé is wanting to adopt Raya and he’s been the one to give her what she needs financially and emotionally and she calls him dad. He’s been in her life since she was 18 months. So he is all she knows. But Calvin doesn’t want to sign his rights away due to “his pride”. And he likes to use my decisions that I made when I was 19 against me. (I wasn’t the most honest person but I’ve done a lot of changing and growing in my life thanks to my fiancé.) I have family telling me “he’s still the father” and “I’d be a cold hearted btch”. (And more of course LOL).  So Reddit. WIBTA if I just went to petition to sign his rights away?  
 
(Sorry it’s long, but I’m trying to give as much detail as I can. Also using fake names.)"
164	437	adjudicated	NAH	"My bf and I have been talking about moving in together for a while. We’ve been dating for over two years. When we met my bf was playing college football at the d3 level. He played one semester as a freshman but only got a couple plays all season. After the season he quit the team on a whim one day without telling anyone or planning anything. He just walked in and told them he was done. At the time he would admit he was struggling mentally however now looking back on it he refuses to admit that and says it wasn’t the right fit and he’s glad he left because he didn’t like them. He entered the transfer portal but was not picked up. He failed that semester, didn’t get picked up by anyone over the summer, joined community college, failed 2 more semesters. He just applied to 3 different schools hoping he’ll get on the team if he gets in. The minimum gpa for all 3 schools to transfer is 2.0, he has a 1.5, but he fully thinks he’ll get in because they’re “state schools” and he wrote an essay, and if he gets rejected he can just “email them and win them over by offering to do something like write another essay.” 

He told me if he didn’t get in he’d let it go and start looking at apartments with me. Now he’s saying he’ll go to a “Juco” school to play if he doesn’t get in. I think it’s important to include that his goal is to play football for a living. He says he’ll work his way up the leagues until he gets nfl/xfl/usfl. He is about to turn 22 with 3 or 4 years of eligibility. He hasn’t played in over 2 years and only played a couple snaps as a freshman. He also didn’t play his senior high school year because of Covid. 

I am frustrated because to me this seems like a completely unreasonable and unrealistic dream that is straining our relationship, causing him to not seek a job or any type of adult life, etc. I’m graduating in the Spring and want to move in together and start the next phase of our lives. He gets upset and says I’m not supportive and put down his dreams and tells me he’ll “show me” along with everyone else. I fully understand how important football is to him and that this must be extremely hard but I feel like I can’t just watch as he throws the rest of his life away for something I’m pretty sure is not going to happen and totally unrealistic? I’ve tried to be super supportive in comforting him and try to help him keep his dream alive in a more realistic facet like a job in the sports industry besides playing. He just doesn’t listen and is deadest on his plan. He fully expects me to wait for him as well, do long distance as needed, give up my life goals to support him etc. I want to get married and get a house and start life. I’ve fully compromised we can take our time and figure out careers first, I just want to take the step of living together. He expects me to just give up what I want for the sake of us but he doesn’t have to give up anything apparently. 

Are his goals at all attainable? Am I wrong for being upset?"
326	85	adjudicated	TTA	"My boyfriend (31) and i (24) moved to the US from South Korea for my MBA. He has his own business so it didn’t matter where he lived, and I wanted him to come with me as well. He had lived here before for uni before he dropped out and moved to Korea for military and then attend uni in Korea, but it’s my first time and although we’ve been here for a couple of months now I’m still in the phase of everything being exciting and new; although I’m pretty sure we won’t stay here after my MBA. 

We were planning a date night and I suggested chipotel because I’ve never had it before, and I’ve been hearing from everyone how good it is. I rarely eat fast food, we like to cook at home but that day I was craving this restaurant I’ve never even tried before. He told me that was not a date night place, and suggested this expensive sushi place. I said we ate sushi (the best ones at that) all the time in Korea and Japan, why go to this super expensive and boujee sushi place. But then he started being condescending (in my opinion) saying I don’t know what I’m talking about and think a cheap fast food place is date night material only because I just moved here. Maybe that is true, but what’s wrong with that, also who does it hurt. I got upset and asked why is he trying to belittle me for something so irrelevant, and he said I’m doing that to myself. An argument started out of nowhere. Mind you, I’m half Korean and lived in different countries in Europe before moving to Korea, while he’s fully Korean but also lived abroad for high school and first 2 years of uni. When we visited my other home country and other cities I’ve lived in, I loved how excited he was about everything and went to the touristic places for him along with the local ones. For example when we were in Amsterdam he wanted to go to the touristic places when I knew deep down those aren’t even the good parts of the city, but I shared his enthusiasm because I just enjoyed seeing him like that. So it hurts he won’t show the same to me here.

I could be the asshole because I did get upset and offended and could’ve just been appreciative that he wanted to take me to this fancy sushi place. But I just don’t see the reason why he needed to be mean to me just because I wanted a chain restaurant."
224	139	adjudicated	NAH	"I asked my (36f) fiancé (38m) if our friends could play music at our wedding ceremony. He was happy to go with it. My BIL and nephew both agreed to play some songs and he asked his friend to play some stuff too. Our wedding is a year and a half out so we haven’t decided what songs to play yet but we wanted to ask early so as to not put anyone under pressure. 
He is annoyed that I want to select specific songs because he thinks it’s unfair to ask them to learn them for our ceremony, instead he wants them to decide what to play. I want to pick songs and ask them if they are comfortably playing them. My nephew is 11 years old so I’m very conscious of not putting him under undue pressure. My fiancé is very annoyed at me for not just agreeing to telling his friend to play ‘anything you want’. I feel as though it our ceremony so we should have some say on what he is playing. 
For context, I have done all the wedding research and ran everything by him for his input before booking anything so everything to this point has been mutual but I have done all the heavy lifting to find the ‘options’. 
I feel like he is being unreasonable because, even though we are asking for favours from friends to play music, it’s still our wedding ceremony. Am I being unreasonable/the asshole?"
8	68	adjudicated	TTA	"I (18F) started my first year of college this August, but I live with my family. My father (48M) lost his job a year ago, and he has yet to get a new one. My mother (45F) was unable to work. During my senior year of high school, I started working full-time to pay the bills for my 12-person household.

When I was in high school, I struggled with an eating disorder. My active recovery has led to some lasting side effects, including the inability to stomach red meat. I am unsure why this is; I just can’t handle it. Whenever my family makes meals I cannot eat, I usually get a text message warning me to get food after my classes. There have been little to no issues with that.

A week ago, I came home to find that my mother had prepared a meal I could not eat. I asked her if she forgot to message me, and she said she “thought about it, but decided \[I\] needed to lose weight anyway.” I got angry and told her that was very upsetting, especially when she knew how badly I struggled with those topics. I didn’t know how to react, so I left the kitchen to hide in my room.

Eventually, my mother came upstairs angry. She yelled at me, saying I was selfish for wasting my family’s limited money on my special diet and refusing to eat what she had prepared. She added that I shouldn’t be paying for a higher education since my parents did not have degrees, and they turned out fine. I told her I had hoped to get into medical school for a long time, and I wouldn’t give that up because my parents couldn’t support themselves. 

She said I was only wasting her money, and if it continued, she would need to kick me out. I said I had done more than my share in helping this family by paying to support us, and they couldn't last without me. She claimed it was my responsibility to give them my earnings because they raised me, and that if she kicked me out she would still expect me to continue paying for their bills. I told her I would never do that and left for a walk to relieve stress. We have barely spoken since.

I understand how tight our financial situation is, and I know why she could be upset to see money go to waste. But also, I don’t believe I did anything wrong.

AITA for wasting the money I made on my picky eating habits and college education?
"
59	78	adjudicated	YTA	"Some context my half sister is a year younger than me and had her second kid but I dont really have a relationship with her or my mom since her side of the family is just not people I enjoy being around. So my best friend and her husband have a kid together and since ive been in a really lucky place financially so I love helping them out and getting something nice for them and the kid and baby sit for them a couple times a week since they both work pretty hectic jobs and often have to work late into the evenings.

So Ive been trying to rekindle a relationship with my mom since ive never had much contact with her since I was like 3 and my step mom took over most of work parenting me. So my mom wanted me to try build a relationship with my half sister and she suggested helping out with her son as a nice thing I could do since I already have some experience looking after kids.

I told her thats different and I dont really want anything to do with her since it would be weird to try and force a sibling relation ship at this point."
17	30	adjudicated	NAH	For context my aunts husband is a dick and my wife hates him. My cousin used to live with us and it’s his parents I’m talking about. While my cousin lived with us he let his dad borrow his car for months and he borrowed our car in the meantime. My uncle told my cousin that me and my wife were taking advantage of them and were bad people so my wife decided no more lending her car to my cousin and made him take his car back so he can go to work. My wife said no more lending the car to help my cousins dad and I was fine with that. It’s been months since then and we’ve moved out of the house. my cousins mom has jury duty. The dad still doesn’t have a vehicle but had to chaperone a school field trip so I was asked for a ride and said yes because jury duty is important and I thought it would be fine. My wife blew up on me saying I don’t respect her or our marriage. We got into a huge argument and I said a few choice words and so did she. I really feel like I’m the asshole but I don’t know.
423	49	adjudicated	YTA	"To start this off some basic things:
Right after lunch in my math period(This is HS)
Other kids openly eat food-Burgerville,Taco bell and other fast food joints
My teacher has called me and other students insane in the past
There isn't any rule against food at all!(See the sentence above)
This wasn't bag of pre popped popcorn this was microwaved popcorn(Which I made during lunch)
Class just started and I wasn't late or anything 
Now onto the story!:
I hung out in another teacher's classroom which has a microwave for stuff like Ramen or leftovers to cook during lunch and today I popped popcorn in it.I cooked in the last minutes of lunch and put it on my plate so I decided I should just eat during my next period.I went in class and opened it up and poured some on my plate.No one asked me if I can give some to them/ask me for popcorn.It did not seem like an issue til my teacher came up to me and asked if I could eat my food outside in the hallway because apparently Iwas being disruptive and disrespectful to him.He also said he didn't want to clean up my mess when I had a plate and I didn't leave any crumbs at all.I went out in the hallway and asked one of my tablemates to come with me.After we left the class with my popcorn I just asked them""Did he seriously make me leave over this bag of popcorn?""She responded yes and said she'll help me finish it.After I ate my foo,I told my mom what happen and she said I was being very disrespectful and I should apologize to my teacher especially due to how much stress they're under(Starting November they'll be striking)I said that while I could see myself being rude,I won't say I am sorry due to it being fine for other people openly eating and ordering food in that class.She told me to apologize and I should focus on class instead of eating.I (albeit jokingly)told her I should  put this on AITA to prove I am not going insane and now I am here...So reddit am I the asshole?"
80	154	adjudicated	TTA	"My brother his married and our SIL has been in the family a while. Overall she is a good person but she is pushing into situations she has no reason to be in. The best way I can describe it would be desperate. She was an only child with parents that she describe not the best.

The first conversation I had with her was her sex life and how my brother did in bed. I shut that down quick but she kept telling me we are sisters now and sister share these things. The rest of the family  has been shutting down when she pushes boundaries. I don’t understand why she keeps doing especially since multiple people told her to stop sharing super personal details.

This week I was talking to my sister at a family event and I was complaining about my bf. She came up and just dumbed how awful her old ex was and she was getting very detailed. I told her to stop and she agian told me we are sisters and sisters share this stuff.

I told her we are not sisters and she needs to stop pushing boundaries and that is the reason everyone is having a hard time accepting her into the family. We already spoke to her about this and she needs to listens. 

She left and my brother is calling me a jerk for not accepting her I got he family."
420	1	adjudicated	TTA	"Hey Reddit! My original post got taken down for being too long so I am going to make this one shorter but still relatively detailed. For the record this is American football. Not a full field. Around 5 players for each team. Highschool football in gym so not extremely competitive. Two hand touch. My team was pretty good. We had 5 players (today 4) and we were a mix of freshmen, a junior, and a senior (me). Our record was 4-0 and we were going up against the last of 6 teams today. That team was supposedly the best. They had 5 people today. In my original post I described all the little things the QB of their team kept doing, but that was too long so if you really care you can ask in the comments, but it was just a lot of random rules that he decided to break that werent a big deal. We score 2 times during the game. Now heres the conflict. The QB decided to run with the ball right after the play starts. The rule was if your team had 3 or less players, QB can run after 7 seconds. I am not sure if this is a real rule in football, but this was the rule in our gym. I let him know that his play was against the rules and that he can just redo it. He decided to not redo it and continue playing like nothing happened. He does the same play again and I remind him. He decides to bench 2 of his players so he would have 3. This is also not allowed. I decided to ask the teacher nearby if I was correct about the rules. I was right and my teacher decided to tell his team would be supervised constantly after today. While walking back I see him run directly into one of my teammates and knocked him to the ground. His leg was hurt but not badly. I wasnt trying to be a stickler about it but this was a gamechanging rule they were breaking over and over. Obviously the conflicts should be settled by now, but the kid calls me the f slur (I am not gay, but an ally). He yells from across the field and says that he is/was on JV (jr varsity) football. I say ""JV at the middle school?"" He calls me an asshole which got me wondering about it. After we continue the game, he keeps cheating. His two teammates he sat out didn't rejoin the game. Clearly this kid did not understand anything my teacher had to say. They do score 3 times all with plays that were involving the QB running. He continues to call me the slur and soon started calling me a Karen. Another teammate of his asks me why I had to be such a Karen and that its just gym football. I tell her that she is right, its just gym football. Its not that hard to follow rules. This makes her and QB pissed off even more. At the end of the game, the teacher asked us who won. I said ""My team won if you don't count their cheating. The QB then called me an asshole again. So Reddit, AITA? I don't think I am but I wanna make sure. If you have anymore questions I can answer them in the replies."
44	33	adjudicated	TTA	"My husband has an employee with whom he works really closely, he is her boss and then she is the boss for many other of his employees in the office. They travel and spend a lot of time together. We’ve all spent time together and I am confident he’s not interested in her, and nothing is going on romantically between them. 

However, their office is having a Halloween party and she is asking him to be Ken and she will be the matching Barbie. She sent him a link to the costume. She included me in the group chat about coordinating their matching costumes. I’m not invited to the party, it’s just at work during the work day. I think there is a costume competition she wants to win.

I told him privately I don’t like the optics of them being matching Ken and Barbie, when they already publicly travel and spend so much time together. His idea of fixing it was sending an email to their smaller team of 6 people, sharing the costume link and the statement “Mary and I are wearing this, y’all should consider getting it too and we can all match at the big party.”

I said instead of fixing the problem of the bad optics, he just announced to everyone, in writing, that they got matching Ken/Barbie costumes on purpose and made it worse. No optics fixed.

I do acknowledge the whole office matching at the big corporate party would be cute, *if* the smaller team decides to invest the $50 each to match. It’s better than of those 2 had just showed up at the big corporate party as matching Ken/Barbie."
310	349	adjudicated	TTA	"My (23F) coworker, Anne, (36F) seems to think I adore her daughter. I’m not sure how she got that impression. I am polite enough when she texts me pictures of her daughter on a weekly basis or talks about her to me, but don’t think I’ve ever shown a ton of interest. 


Last Sunday, Anne’s family went to a church that’s not far from my apartment. She asked if I wanted to sit with them at a nearby playground after the service. The playground was in between the church and my apartment (the church was 3 min north of the playground and my place was 3 min south of it). After being down there for about 5 minutes, her daughter came up to Anne saying she needed to go number 2. Her partner said that they could take her to the church to use the restroom, and they promptly left, leaving Anne and I on the bench. Anne then made a snide remark along the lines of how I “couldn’t have offered up my own place” and how that wasn't nice of “Aunt (my name).” I just brushed the comment off. 


I had just got back from a trip, and my apartment had things thrown everywhere as well as being a bit dirty since I didn’t clean before I left. It had never been part of the plan to have Anne’s family over. She’s been cold towards me at work this week. My mom says that I should’ve offered up my apartment bathroom first instead of making them go to the church, and that I was being extremely rude by not offering, as a child always takes priority. AITA?"
125	227	adjudicated	ESH	"One of my (50ish F) nieces (30ish F) is getting married soon. The bridal shower was last weekend, and I attended very briefly. It was thrown by one of her college friends, call her Marissa. It was not like any shower I'd ever attended before. Upon arrival, the niece, we'll call her Kelly, was sitting at this weird toilet paper draped throne-like thing. Kelly was decked out in a white dress and tiara. Marissa and her mother Annie, my sister-in-law, basically grabbed gifts from people right as they arrived and delivered them to Kelly on her toilet paper throne to open them immediately - as in before everybody even arrived, was offered a seat, or anything.

It felt like we were paying some kind of royal entry tribute to a monarch. The vibe was not what I've ever gotten from a shower before. Kelly immediately opened my gift, which was an ice cream maker that was on her registry. She said a very curt thanks and tossed it to the side with an eye roll. I literally heard her comment to Marissa and Annie about how cheap I'd been as I got shoved off to the side for the next arrival/gift. 

Marissa cornered me a bit after that and demanded to know why I'd bought something off the friend registry instead of the family one. I had zero idea what she was talking about. Is this a thing? Nobody told me. The invite listed two stores with registries and the bullseye one was convenient. Nothing said one was for family and one was for friends. After indicting my confusion, Marissa said I should have known which was for family and demanded I get a gift card to ""make up the difference"" before I embarrassed myself.

At this point my social anxiety went through the roof. I wanted to fall through the floor. It was everything I could do to not burst into tears right there, and I excused myself right out the back door, to my car, and home so as to not make a scene. I didn't say my respects or go out the front because by then it was crowded with arrivals waiting to have their gift delivered to Kelly on her throne. I also just had no idea what to say.

Before I even got home, Annie was blowing up my phone for leaving and for having gotten such a tacky gift that wasn't worthy of family. She's pretty close to alone in being pissed about the gift, but multiple other friends and family have said I should have stuck it out and stayed.

I never even looked at the second registry until after getting home, but did discover everything on that one was quite a lot more expensive and way out of my budget. Since when is a shower gift supposed to be significantly bigger than an ice cream maker anyway? She wanted an ice cream maker, although you'd never know it from how Kelly chucked it to the side upon opening it.

I can't see how I'm the asshole for getting her an ice cream maker that she wanted that's in my budget no matter what nonsense they want to say about what family deserves, but am I for getting super awkward and just leaving without saying respects or anything? "
34	2	adjudicated	TTA	"To provide context, our daughter is 19 months now and we went on vacation 3 months ago with wife’s sister, husband and two boys age 10,11. One of them kept saying bulsh*t around her I didn’t like it around her but found it funny when he would say it. They are from Europe and English isn’t their first language. We live in Canada. 

The bullsh*t boy is 10 and he constantly says it to a point his dad said he’s taking 10 bucks from him every time. I think he was at 100 bucks after 30 min… 

Anyways fast forward to the last month. When our daughter sees mom first thing she started saying bullshi I tell her we don’t say that word and not to say it. My wife used to laugh when she said it but I told her not to give it attention. 

My wife FaceTimes her family often and when daughter sees them she will say the word they will laugh and I’ll tell my wife again not to give it attention. 

Today she was factimeing her mom dad and sister. I was in the room and she was constantly saying it and everyone is laughing but me. I said to daughter to stop and told my wife they need to stop laughing or she won’t stop. To which she replied some of them haven’t heard her say it yet so chill out. This is all on speaker phone so I said okay let’s teach her some of the swear words from their language and started saying some which are worse and in line with the F word equivalent. They did not take it kindly and her dad walked away from the phone. When the call was done she said I was out of line for that and shouldn’t have over reacted like that. I said I’ve said it multiple times not to encourage it and it will only lead to her saying this word constantly and in public. Given her first language is going to be English why not let her swear in your first language and see how you like it. She got heated and said it’s not a big deal I’m TA. 

So Reddit AITA for saying what I said while she was on speaker phone with her family around me and making them feel uncomfortable? 
I’m in no way trying to be controlling but it’s funny when another kid swears and yes I’m a hypocrite because this is my daughter who else is suppose to teach her right from wrong."
207	74	adjudicated	TTA	"After my grandpa died 6 years ago, my parents started using the weekends to go to his house to get it ready to sell. They ended up staying with their friend Brian because his house was 20 mins away from my grandpa’s (no power there) and Brian is a life long friend of my dad’s. I was 17 when this started and after a while it started to hurt my feelings that they would pack up as soon as they got off work on Friday and wouldn’t return til Sun night. I would tell my mom (through tears) and she would say she’s sorry while packing her bag. 

A year later I’m 18 and a freshman and they’re still going every weekend. These visits went from being about my grandpa’s house to being about new friends, parties, gardens they were planting, literally building another life. I would come home to see them for an hour before they left and then stay until Sunday night sometimes not leaving until midnight so I could spend time with them (or stay til Monday and skip class). We are a close family so it was hard for me to have no time that I could see my parents and not sacrifice school. This went on for ANOTHER YEAR until covid and I was so lonely and homesick that I decided to transfer to a school at home and move back in. By then my grandpa’s house was sold and my parents were still spending every weekend at Brian’s. It started to become obvious that if anything threatened to get in the way of going to the cabin my mom would absolutely lose her shit. Combine this with my brother bringing his two kids every weekend and my parents just LEAVING. 

So a year ago, my dad decided he didn’t need to go to the cabin anymore and his time was better spent tending to our house which had fallen into complete disarray from a lack of effort from everyone involved. My mom basically said “ok you do that” and started going by herself. She will go for days at a time. She plants a garden every summer and uses that as her excuse. She took up painting and can only have her materials there? She took her instruments there and “that’s the only place she feels comfortable practicing.” She used to love to cook for all of us and now she only cooks at Brian’s. She also takes Brian to all of his doctor’s appointments. AITA for thinking this is insane and overstepping a boundary? They text constantly but I don’t think they’re sexually involved. She is basically having an emotional affair that my dad is aware of but doesn’t care about. Today my brother brought his kids to stay for the weekend because it’s my nephew’s birthday. My mom left on Weds and won’t be back until Sat afternoon for no reason other than to get away. AITA for thinking that she should stay at her own house and create a life she’s happy with here? She acts like she can’t be happy within the walls of our house but also would rather die than be without my dad? I hope I’ve made this clear enough but please tell me your thoughts 😵‍💫"
225	364	adjudicated	TTA	"I 22(f) have been dating 25(m) for 2 years now.

25 m has recently gotten into a car accident where a straight tire hit him on the side of the road and hit car his daily commuter was completely wrecked however he was fine and I did spend two weeks driving him to work. However he did manage borrow another truck (Dodge ) from his parents that he's currently using.

The Chevy truck that was not running and he has been working on it to try to get it up and running so that way it moves from its project card to his main vehicle.

In total he currently has three cars one Chevy truck that barely runs and is from 89 One Toyota that has been gotten into a car accident and will not run and one Dodge truck is borrowing from his family.

He's got in the Chevy truck more working in his driven it to work a few times however it will not go over 45 so he's taking it to a friend's house to be fixed.

Partner wanted me to go and spot his car while he drives 1 hour there then drive home 1 hour back and pick him up another 2 hours. In total 4 hours of driving.

When I agreed to do it it would be 20 minutes in each direction after it changed to an hour in each direction I said I wasn't comfortable doing it and I would pick him up but I would not spot him.

Partner and I had a huge fight the night before about this his side of the argument was we're dating for marriage and in sickness and in health and this was in sickness and that I should do this for him.

My side of the argument is you don't need me me spotting your car is a lot not a necessity and I need to prioritize my own time as and it is the end of the marking quarter and grades are due.

This morning he went and grabbed the car and it seemed under the impression that I would help them spot the car I told him I would pick him up and he left in the huff and seemed very frustrated.

Tdlr: partner wants me to spot him driving car over 4 hours it is end of marking period I will not be doing that"
459	187	adjudicated	NAH	"So a few years ago a stray cat came up to my family's house near starving to death in the middle of winter. We fed her and my parents wanted that to be the end of it. I was concerned for the cat and thought she'd freeze to death so I tried to get her to be allowed inside. They refused. After feeding her she just stayed by the door the entire day so when night came my friend (who my parent’s basically adopted) and I went out to my car and slept with her. This was enough for my parents to agree to let her into the attached garage.
  

  
Moving forward a few years she has stuck around as an in/out cat. We lived on 8 acres. We had installed a cat door to the garage and she had water and a very very small litter box in there. Most of the day she was allowed inside the house and she'd sleep on my bed. I feel it's important to add that she clearly knew what houses were and that that made it clear to me she was abandoned. But they never let her spend the night unless there was a tornado.
  

  
I had always been under the assumption she was ""my cat"", given the rest of the family didn't want to keep her at the start, and that I would one day take her. I picked a date, letting my parents know I'd be trying to move her into a fully indoor cat in my girlfriend's home, who the cat is very familiar with. I wanted to keep her and felt it was unsafe for her to be outside specifically at night for many reasons: we have bald eagles, coyotes, stay dogs, and foxes, she had come to us near death, she was abandoned, and my parents didn't let her come in during the night. BUT she had lived this long in these conditions and seemed happy with them so if she was unhappy with us I would bring her back to my parents.
  

  
I chose to do it this way for two main reasons: 1. My girlfriend needed a companion animal and getting another kitten then trying to move in together would have been even harder on my cat and 2. If it didn't work out we could return the cat and get a kitten. We wouldn't have to wait another half year to a year to get a different pet.
  

  
We took the cat and the drive was pretty bad. She really hates carriers and cars. Once we got going I took her out of the carrier and held her. This helped her calm down a lot. The drive was 1.5 hours. About an hour in she threw up. We are unsure if this was motion sickness or stress. Once at the new home we confined her into my girlfriend's room for the first week. Within 1 hour she was eating, drinking, and exploring. Within 12 she had used the litter box. She did spend most of the time under the bed but whenever we came and sat on the ground she'd come and rub against us and purr.
  

  
My family was mad. Mom was just worried for the cat, Dad was angry about losing his pest control, but my friend was livid. She even claimed I was horribly selfish and was animal abusive after she had wanted to take the cat before but the cat hates her. I don't want to hurt the cat, but this I feel is the safest situation for her. AITA?
"
138	17	adjudicated	NAH	"My older sister is getting married on February 14th, 2024, and has been planning this wedding since December 2021. Since she has had so long to plan, her expectations have risen exponentially over the course of the engagement. Initially, she wanted just a simple backyard wedding, but now she is planning for a live band, fancy caterers, entirely new landscaping, multiple activity stations, elaborate sculptures as decoration, and the most ridiculous designer ballgown wedding dress I've ever seen in my life. She now wants all the bridesmaids, including me, to get to the destination wedding two days early for a bachelorette bar-crawl, rehearsal dinner, day-of-brunch, and set up help in between. 

Since I'm in the bridal party and her sister, I get a lot of the backdoor window into wedding planning, and the text message frequency is way up from when I initially took the role on. Every day I'm helping her pick between identical shades of green napkins, flower baskets, desserts, etc. I'm getting burnt out and trying to prioritize more me time, so I'm not texting back as fast as I used to, and am trying to save my energy and answer multiple questions from her at a time instead of one at a time as they immediately come in.

She asked me today if I was alright and if anything was wrong, and I told her that I love her and I'm excited for the wedding, but she's really asking a lot of her guests and I don't know how many people will be able to make as much effort as she expects from everybody. To her, it is a special day, but to everybody else, it's an inconveniently timed wedding that takes place in the middle of the week, nukes any Valentine's day plans they would have otherwise had, and requires way too many events and outfits (all with a theme). She got pissed at me and said that she has gone out of her way to make the wedding easy for guests, and that anyone who doesn't want to attend is free to RSVP no, and implied that I should go ahead and RSVP no if I felt this way. I told her to stop being ridiculous, because of course I'll go, but that she asked what was wrong and I gave her some honest feedback. Now she's not talking to me and my mom is annoyed at me for rocking the boat. AITA?"
372	230	adjudicated	NAH	"My wife and I have 4 kids (12m, 9f, 9f, 7m). This post mostly concerns our daughters. One of our daughters, Ava, is our biological child. We are adopting Emma. 

Emma and Ava were in the same preschool. The girls were best friends and Emma's bio mom was a single mom so we helped a lot with babysitting, drop offs, and pickups. When the girls were in kindergarten Emma's bio mom started dating a guy with 3 kids and he wasn't interested in raising another man's child. Emma started staying with us for days at a time that year. Over the next 2 years, her mom married the man and had 2 more kids with him. Emma was with us so often that we converted one of the guest rooms to a bedroom for her. Then when the girls were in 2nd grade, Emma's bio mom, stepdad, and step/half siblings packed up and moved while Emma was on vacation with us. 

Her bio mom reached out to us and said that she and her family needed a fresh start and that if we don't want Emma, she could try to find a family member to take her. My wife and I decided we wanted to keep her and she will be officially adopted in a couple months. Emma is such a sweet little girl. She's so well behaved, she does great in school, she's never had a problem making friends, and she always runs to hug me the second I come home from work. She does have a lot of anxiety and abandonment issues, though, and my family hasn't accepted her. 

My niece's (6) birthday was 2 weeks ago and Emma's was last week. My niece had a small party in her backyard, we dropped by for an hour, brought her a dress and lego set, and left. For Emma's birthday we had a pretty extravagant party at the park. There was a bounce house, princess, face painter, and crafts set up on the tables. We had over 20 kids plus my wife's family come and it was great. My family stopped by the house to say happy birthday and drop off a couple gifts, then Emma started to open her gifts. Her 2 big ones from us were a phone and a kids moped thing (it's perfectly safe, easy to balance on, and has a max speed of 8mph). She also got a couple small toys and some clothes from us. When my family saw this, they started asking why I was able to do all of this for Emma but could only managed to get my niece a cheap lego set. I told them Emma's my daughter and they said she wasn't and that my niece is family so she should've taken priority. I kicked them out of the house but Emma's birthday was already ruined. I've been getting messages berating me for favoring a ""stranger"" over my family. AITA for trying to give Emma a special birthday?"
14	371	adjudicated	TTA	"I (24M) have been driving my friend, Pineapple (21F), to work every day Monday through Friday since July of this year. I don’t want to do it anymore, though. 

We both got hired on at a job at the same time, and we hit it off right away. She even said she expected us to become best friends quickly. And we did. When we talked more, I discovered she didn’t have a car and would ask friends and family for rides or just pay for Lyfts to get to work. I knew it cost her a lot of money on top of the bills she already had, so I offered to drive her instead. She lives on the way to the job from my house, so it just made since for me to make a small detour and pick her up in the mornings. She agreed to give me $20 each week for gas or snacks, which was WAY less than she was paying for a single ride through Lyft. No biggie. That is until I quit. 

To be fair, I told her I understood my quitting would put her in a really bad situation since she depended on me to get her to work. So, I agreed to keep taking her, which would allow us to still hangout, too. But here lately, I’ve been getting really poor sleep and not waking up on time. It’s caused me to be late a bunch this last week. I actually slept through an alarm yesterday for the first time in a while. 

When I woke up and realized the time, I called her in a panic and apologized profusely. I told her I didn’t know what happened just that I somehow didn’t wake up on time, and I could rush over and grab her if she didn’t already have other means of getting to work. She became very short with me and said the phrase “It’s fine” quite a few times in our conversation before ending the call. 

I totally understand being upset in that moment. You expect your ride to be there, and it didn’t show. I GET IT. But she hasn’t spoken to me since Friday morning when it happened, and she’s not responding to anything I’ve sent her on TikTok like she usually does. Now I’m wondering how she can be this mad at me when I have basically been doing her a favor.

Oh yeah. I forgot to mention. That $20 a week - it’s only happened a handful of times, maybe, since July. It’s now the first few days of November. At this point she should have given me about $300 for all of the weeks I have driven her. I actually just checked my transaction with her on Cash App, and found out she’s only sent me $120. That leaves $180 that I’m still owed, and she’s probably going to tag another $20 on it this week.

I also don’t appreciate how a lot of the time she gets in the car and is constantly on her phone with someone. Sometimes, she doesn’t even speak to me until we get to her job or back to her house, and it’s usually only long enough to say goodbye. So not only am I giving you heavily discounted, if not free rides, I’m also your impromptu chauffeur. Great. So much for hanging out.

So, AITA for not wanting to take my friend to work anymore?


UPDATE: She is not my friend and I was stupid. I see that now. 

I want to note that I’ve seen it a couple times where people are suggesting there could be something romantic going on. I’m not interested in her at all in that way. I am married… to a man… for the last couple years. I’m gay as the di- I mean day is long. 

So anyway…
Upon reading all the comments I’ve received so far, I realized I HAVE been giving her way more than I should’ve, and she’s not very grateful for it. But most importantly, she isn’t really my friend. 

Here’s how the conversation went this morning, and I don’t care if she sees it now. Outing herself on a public post would just be stupid on her part. 

Me: 
“Hey. I wanted to let you know I can’t take you to work anymore. It’s hurting me financially and my sleep quality and energy are REALLY poor right now. I’m exhausted and it’s not fair for you to have to be late because you’re waiting on me. I hope maybe one of the people that works there that lives near you is willing and able to take you. I just can’t anymore.”

Her:
“I kinda figured it was going to happen”

[END CONVERSATION]

NOT “Thanks for the help while you could. I appreciate it.”
NOT “It’s okay. I’ll figure something out.”

Nope. That’s the response I got. Still hope she figures it out, but she is absolutely not invited for Friendsgiving anymore. That’s for sure.  And I’m not even going to phish for a thank you or dignify that with a response. 

Thanks for the advice everyone. "
48	415	adjudicated	NAH	"I (25) am a disabled artist who sometimes does work for a nonprofit Company called C, which exists to elevate artists with my disability, though it's run by non-disabled folks. The head of the C is Abe, someone I have always considered a friend, though he has a reputation for being hot-headed. Abe has always been good to me, and I have always been a big cheerleader for C.

Abe asked me to apply for a government grant with him which would allow C to commission me for a work. We were awarded the grant, and I started the project.

Abe then sent over the licensing agreement. It was extremely nonstandard. My union has an ""Artist Bill of Rights"" and the contract broke like eight out of the ten guidelines.I sent the contract back with edits that would make the agreement more standard. In response Abe sent an email claiming that he was relying on this work to be a ""significant revenue stream"" for his “small non-profit.”

At this point, I looked at the grant terms and discovered a few things:

1. The grant was a support for ARTIST passthrough grant, meaning it wasn't Abe's or C's grant money they were using to commission me, but money I was awarded that C, as a fiscal sponsor, was required to disperse to me.
2. If C wanted to put conditions on the dispersal of funds, they needed to have me sign this agreement prior to even applying for the grant.
3. The grant clearly stated that ""Artistic control of, and proprietary rights to, any supported project rest exclusively with the artist.""

I communicated these facts, and Abe did not take it well, replying ""Emails that imply, indirectly or directly, that \[C\] (or myself) are lying to you or otherwise trying to take advantage of you are counterproductive and not conversations we can continue to engage in."" What followed was a month of exhausting back-and-forth with C lawyers.

I consulted with Fred, the head of the grantee organization, and he said that after everything he wouldn't advise signing a license agreement with C. He proposed I submit a modification to fulfill the grant terms but not give C license to use the work. When C did not respond well to this proposal, Fred rapidly sent an email which made it clear that if C didn't fulfill their grant obligations, he would find me a new sponsor.

Abe then emailed a full surrender, saying I could use the funds for whatever but he didn’t want to be involved. He also said that after speaking with the grantee organization, he didn't see any reason for us to talk. So I'm guessing that was also a friendship break-up.

Here's why I think I might be the asshole: I gave up on trying to reach an agreement. I think Abe really screwed this up, but I know it was due to inexperience and incompetence, not because they were trying to take advantage of me. I think maybe I did a bad job of communicating.

Everyone in my life is telling me I didn't do anything wrong, but I won't know for sure until I get an unbiased opinion. So, AITA?

In case it's useful, I'm Autistic."
143	94	adjudicated	TTA	"I (19m) got an apartment with my grandma (59f) after she got kicked out of her daughter's house (my aunt). Things were fine for the first few months until she stopped paying her part of the rent. Our names are both on the lease so we are both equally responsible. I started nagging her about it more and more until she started staying with my aunt again for days or even weeks at a time. I had absolutely no issue with this and even took the opportunity to deep clean and redecorate the apartment. She'd maybe stop by once a week or so.

Every time she comes over she leaves a mess. She likes to cook something for herself and then leave all the dishes in the sink for me to do after she leaves. She'll smoke on the balcony and empty her ashtray into the kitchen garbage which stinks the whole place up. The other day she even made a batch of French macarons, took them all with her, and left all the baking supplies and dishes out for me to clean up (using MY ingredients and stand mixer). I told her that she's not welcome at my apartment anymore and she said it's equally as much mine as it is her apartment. I told her as long as she's not paying rent it's my apartment.

She left in a huff after that and posted about me on Facebook. Now I have a bunch of family members messaging me saying I'm rude and disrespectful. Including my own mother, aka the daughter of my grandma. I asked my mom why SHE wasn't letting my grandma live with her and she said it's because they don't get along. Go figure. Anyways, am I the asshole?

Some more information that I forgot to add: my grandma is very sick, possibly from cancer, but she refuses to go to the doctor or even talk to my mom who's a nurse. She smokes almost a pack of cigarettes a day which is where most of her money is going. She gets alimony every month which SHOULD be enough to pay the entire rent on her own if she wanted. She's also an alcoholic and will be drunk a lot of the time when I get home from work. She likes to go on rants and complain about my mom to me. It's honestly depressing to see her like that and living in that environment was taking a toll on my mental health. I have enough to deal with at 19. I work 2 jobs and do door dash and Postmates on the side to be able to afford rent on my own."
256	146	adjudicated	NAH	"This actually happened in may. We've been dating since february going on dates and do stuff. 

At the second date he told me ""I don't want a relationship"", I asked him ""what do you want then?"" he said ""to go out, to do stuff"". I agreed.

In may I did go out with someone else and his friends saw me and told him. I knew that he found out because he was acting weird and distant and sometimes angry at me. He didn't said anything, but a friend of ours told me that he was mad I didn't told him I'm going out with someone else and that I betrayed his trust. Wtf is that? He is the one who told me he didn't want anything serious, why do I have to explain my actions? So who is in the wrong?

Tldr: guy I'm casually seeing got mad for going out with someone else, since he's the one who told me he wanted to be casual"
338	221	adjudicated	TTA	I just started going to school again I was doing home school for the longest time this way my second week or something and I came in late to this one class by like a minute I sat down and realized I didn’t have a pencil so I went up and grabbed one he than said “put that back” I was confused didn’t think he was talking to me I turned around than he said “first you come in late without w pass and now you grab a pencil without asking” I was confused again like the pencils are there for us if we forget also last time I asked him to go to the bathroom he rolled his eyes at me and was mad and wrote me a note like homie make it make sense I haven’t been in school in years give me a break i ended up having to trade my phone for the pencil ( I think the reason is bc I took his pencil last time on complete accident and was giving it back but I fucking forgot it) I feel like it wasn’t that big of a deal I didn’t know I needed a pass I didn’t even know what he meant by that and I took his pencil once I would have waited until it was a common occurrence people make mistakes
297	432	adjudicated	ESH	"Before I continue, this is not something I just did on a whim! Me and my friend have always had a back and fourth about insults etc, I think the term used these days is “roasting”. 
I fear that I may have overstepped the mark recently though. My friend made fun of my weight and my health. The friend in question was born with underdeveloped muscles in their body. And my retort was that they looked like they’d survived a shark attack. Which in hindsight seems harsh and they won’t talk to me."
481	151	adjudicated	TTA	"I (26m) was invited to my co-workers (32f) Halloween party on Friday, she throws one every year and we’ve known each other and been friends for 10 years. They’re always a good time and I’ve been looking forward to it all year. Well I told my girlfriend (25f) about it and she was fine until I told her who it was. Apparently a couple years ago my co-worker and her boyfriend broke up and my now girlfriend “stole her boyfriend” from my co-worker. Well long story short they had beef over something that had nothing to do with me. So when my girl found out I was going to her party she forbid me from going and said I shouldn’t even be friends with her. She also said it’s disrespectful to our relationship, but I find it disrespectful that she would ask me to throw a long time friendship away over beef they had over her ex. Also me and co-worker have always had a platonic relationship. So am I the asshole for still going?

Edit: spelling 
"
432	339	adjudicated	TTA	"So I’m not sure how to write these but I’m sitting on my couch right now thinking about it and what I should do. So long story short I’m a artist (21 female) and for the past year I’ve planned and created art like art prints, pots, cards, stickers, posters etc and I’ve been doing this cause it’s very hard for me to find a decent job anyway, I’ve probably sent in 30 applications for the past few months and only heard back 3 times which I found out “I wasn’t the person they were looking” these applications were just for retail Christmas casual stuff and I’ve even canceled my plans for Christmas just so I can tick off the “available for Christmas Day shifts” but unfortunately I’ve gotten no luck. I’ve done a few markets with my art products and they’ve been successful, not a lot of money but it’s the only income I can get. Yesterday I went on a short trip to celebrate one of my close family members birthday and it was a lot of fun sometimes we even think we’re twins cause we’re only a month apart we don’t see each other much so it was nice to hang out again but that also clashed with another family members birthday the next day, I couldn’t go to both since the trip home was 4 hours and the bday lunch was in the morning so I sent her my apologises and wished her a happy bday. When I got back home the family was still out so I was by myself but then I noticed the boxes of my art products had been moved around this made me panic and wasn’t sure what to do, I just called my mum and asked if she had touched it since I left, she had told me yes she had to find a birthday gift for the member, this frustrated me a bit cause she didn’t ask me beforehand and was getting angry at me for asking her and it sounded like she was even blaming me for not coming, I told her the situation and how it just wasn’t possible, the things she stole was a painted pot of mine which I can’t make very often due to time, money, study and materials so I try to keep what I have for the next market, she even took a art poster which weren’t cheap to print up, I don’t know whether what I’m feeling is reasonable since it was for a birthday gift but by the sound of it it looks like I won’t be paid for the items took I’m kind of devastated since I can’t make money anywhere else at the moment and this is the only thing that helps me.
For anyone asking the pot was $15 (which is fairly large and the poster is $30. This may not seem much for some people but if you haven’t started your adulthood not receiving any income even when you try your hardest, you wouldn’t understand how much money this is.
So reddit, what should I do? They’re almost home and I don’t know what to do or say should I bring up the money or just let of hours of work in sake of my family members bday? I just wished I was asked."
20	490	adjudicated	INFO	"Ok so I live every other week with my mom and her husband and with my dad so earlier today at around 9pm I got back home from some shit I had to do. So once I got home my moms husband was there and he started to yell at me for coming home so late and waking up my half sister with the engine noise. I just ignored him cause he does this all the time and hes not worth picking fights over so I just headed to my room. Like a 30 minutes later he barged into my room demanding I hand over my keys.

  
I told no cause he doesn't have any authority to be handing out punishments too me. He tried to threaten to tell my mom but she doesnt really care about stuff like this so I told him to go ahead if thats what he wants to waste his time with. This made him madder and he tried to pull the your under my roof you have to listen to me to which I said ok then ill go back to my dads place. This got him to back off cause I pulled that before which made my mom super mad at him since my dad is gone on work the weeks I stay with my mom so she berated him for letting me just stay for a few days on my own.

  
So AITA

&#x200B;

Reposting this cause it got removed by automatic spam filter for some reason"
19	408	adjudicated	NAH	"So, I(33nb+autistic) live with 3 roommates, K(21nb) and 2 others. They have 2 cats that I will play with and pet and joke with. Sometimes, I will playfully joke when one of the cats starts meowing for attention at me that im going to eat them. I use a playful tone and there's nothing about me that would lead anyone to believe I would actually eat the cats.

 I have been making the joke for over 2 months but this morning,  K told me they don't like me making that joke because there are people in the world that do eat cats. When I didn't immediately apologize or promise not to make the joke anymore, the other roommates got upset at me because I didn't understand that I was supposed to immediately apologize and promise not to make the joke again. 

AITA?

Edit- I did apologize and say I wouldn't my make the joke again.  It just took me longer than the roommates liked"
136	192	adjudicated	YTA	"So, I moved into my new home in Ireland last summer, and the old tenants moved out and immigrated to France. Letters for the old tenants (let’s call them Julian and Juliet) came thick and fast, like 5 a day.

I initially “Returned to Sender” for the next 8 months. I spoke to the Landlord and explained the sich, so he sent them an email asking them to redirect their mail. Obvs we can’t open their post as in my country as that’s illegal…landlord has no forwarding address for them.

The letters mount for the old tenants, 10 a day, clearly from banks, which are bright red “chasers”. The Irish and French embassies also write too.

I’ve had enough. I’m worried about bailiffs.
Letters slip out of envelopes.

Turns out their debt is mounting! Bailiffs indeed might show up…landlord can’t help as they can’t be found guilty of opening their post.

IDGAF about that! (Not that I’ve ever opened anyones post obvs).

The plot thickens… the Irish and French embassies both write, providing certificates:

“We, the Irish embassy, enclose a certificate that you Julien and Juliet are exempt from tax in the country of France, as you are residents in Ireland at: (My address, which is their old address)”.

“We, in the country of France, confirm that you live at (My address/their old address in Ireland) and are therefore exempt from paying tax in France. Thank you for requesting this certificate via your application form”.

Tax evasion my friends. F that.

I contact Julien on social media, and ask him to stop all letters. I remind him that if he was considering it, tax evasion is illegal. He brushed me off.

Told him I wasn’t born yesterday, and to pack it in with the letters or I’d write to the embassies and contact the Police. I said I wanted the letters to stop, not fight.

He called me a racist GDPR breaker, and that he’d get me arrested and contact my landlord.

So, I know you shouldn’t open peoples post, but I was desperate.

AITAH?"
354	448	adjudicated	TTA	"Three months ago my mom decided that the all family is going on a diet, the problem with that is that she doesn’t know anything about eating healthy and just decided that we’re not allowed more than 350 calories a meal, while only being allowed to eat three meals a day.

While it hasn’t been that big of a problem with me, my dad and and my mom, my brother is a basketball player, he have at least three practices a day and it’s just not healthy for him to be eating that little.

He has a part time job, so he’s been using all of the money from that to buy himself some fast food whenever he can without telling our mom but because of all of his practices he doesn’t really have that much time to work so he can’t eat out that much.

About a month into that diet I started noticing how he seemed to be losing weight, he was more tired, moody, and didn’t have a lot of energy.

I also work part time so when I noticed all of it I decided to use my money to but some ingredients and make him food in my BSF house, and with both of our money we made sure he was eating at least one more meal a day, and while it helped it wasn’t enough.

My BSF mentioned that we can tell her parents and that maybe they could help (they didn’t know until then) and after taking to my brother we decided to tell them.

After they heard about it and we made them promise to not tell our parents about it her parents started making us meals, my BSF will take me lunch to school that her parents made, and my brother will stop by their house whenever he could between practices and everything else to eat and it helped.

My parents continue to not know about this until yesterday, my brother came home to shower and change between practices, when my mom decided to fill his water bottle and found a box (I’m not sure what’s it called in English) of food that my brother just got from my BSF house and flipped out, yelling at everyone until my brother got out of the shower and after a screaming match between them he told her what’s been going on.

She started crying and mumbling things I couldn’t understand. After that she got quiet and hasn’t said anything since.

I stated to feel really bad, every time I see her she looks like a ghost, she’s really pale and her eyes are always red.

AITA?

Edit: we had tried to talk to her about my brother needing more food at the start but she always shut us down."
170	37	adjudicated	TTA	"I've (26M) been at my current job for almost 1 1/2 years (I've been with the company for 3 1/2 years but I switched locations early last year) and there is one coworker (37F) that I am struggling to work with.  
The long and short of it is that this one coworker I have- let's call her Mary- is constantly rude and demanding with me. On a technical level her position is beneath mine, but I've always treated her as my equal because I saw no reason not to. But this might have made her too lax with me, because she is frequently barking orders at me, commanding that I drop what I'm doing and do whatever task she doesn't want to do at the moment. She asks me to do things that she could easily do herself when she is not actively busy with a task of her own; I usually just do it to avoid conflict. It gets exhausting, though.  
If I ask her to do her share, she gets mad at me and tells me to stop picking fights with her and that it's not a big deal and I'm fighting with her. So I drop it. I just let her push me around and it's been making me miserable. By that point, three separate coworkers had approached me and pulled me aside, asking me if I was okay and why she was treating me so coldly.  
One night a little bit ago, we were busy and behind on filling prescriptions and we had multiple patients waiting. Seeing what needed to get done, I decided to step in and ask her to help customers so I could fill the prescriptions and get the waiting ones finished. She did not like this and got into a full-blown argument with me, going on about how she doesn't have to listen to me and I'm not her boss.  
That whole fiasco was just the straw that broke the camel's back for me, so I decided to take things up with the boss the next day. I explained the situation to him and asked if I was in the wrong, because maybe I was or something. I want to do right by Mary and be fair to her because she deserves to enjoy her job and not be treated poorly, but the way she'd been acting toward me for months on end was getting to me. My boss heard me out; he told me that she should have listened to me because my position is above hers and he agreed with my reasoning in why I was asking her to do something in the first place. He said he'd talk to Mary and make expectations clear.  
Well, now Mary is mad at me. Apparently I'm not the first one to complain about her behavior and attitude- the boss did talk to her, but he gave her what he told her is her final warning. Now Mary is making me feel like it'll be my fault if she gets fired and I feel like I put her ass on the line. I do feel bad because I didn't know it would be her final warning, but I also don't think I did anything wrong? I put up with her behavior for a long time until it was making me dread coming into work. I didn't go into a lot of detail here due to space but believe me, she was making me miserable. I just don't feel good knowing that she might get fired. That wasn't what I wanted.  
AITA?"
342	484	adjudicated	YTA	"I (14f) is considered quite popular at school. There is a babyish girl in my friend group that thinks quite specially about me and copy everything I do. 

She pays a lot of attention to my hobbies and likes and almost immediately copies it. It is really annoying. This had been going on for a year.

Therefore I asked my friend group to tell her the wrong places and times that we meet up as a group. I also asked them to ignore her. 

My other friend was calling me mean for it."
417	105	adjudicated	TTA	"I(16m) go to a British international school, thanks to my dad. My mom’s husband, who she cheated on my dad with several years ago when they were together, can’t afford to send his son ‘Jack’(16m) to a similar school. She has tried to get my dad to withdraw me and send me to a public school instead because it ‘isn’t fair on Jack’  but my dad said no.

She has taken to visiting me when my dad wasn’t home and saying that I don’t have to be in a ‘fancy private school’, and that I should talk to my dad about withdrawing. She even told me it has given me ‘an elitist hobby’ - I like reading Shakespeare. So I told her that it isn’t my fault her husband spent all his money on his mistress(something she has vented to me about before) and that she can’t expect me to give up what I have now for the sake of a guy I only see once a month.

My mom looked really hurt and said I was being inconsiderate of her feelings before leaving.

Update : So I called mom and talked to her about it some more. I made it clear to her that I will never give up any of my opportunities for her stepson’s sake. She got upset at me and told me that I’m selfish, so I told her that unlike her at least I’m not a cheater who lost custody by snorting cocaine in front of her then 11 year old son. That’s it. She won’t be bothering me anymore. No contact now."
382	8	adjudicated	YTA	"The scene unfolded at our usual Starbucks, where my husband and I often sip coffee while working. On this particular day, our hunger struck just shy of lunchtime. We had plans to dine elsewhere, so he casually remarked, **""**Is it worth shelling out for that minuscule sandwich, knowing we're about to have a proper lunch soon? How about sharing?"" To which I readily agreed.  
However, things took an unexpected turn when I observed his order: a croissant and an egg sandwich. I remained silent, thinking to myself, ""Guess we're not sharing after all."" He proceeded to enjoy his croissant, and as I was engrossed in my phone, I witnessed him take a bite of the egg sandwich. I couldn't help but express my astonishment, ""Why are you eating my sandwich?"" He calmly replied, ""I thought we were sharing?""  
Amid my attempts to clarify that he had already consumed a croissant, and the sandwich was unequivocally mine (to me), he argued that our sharing agreement only pertained to the sandwich because he would have ordered two (one for each of us).

  
So, the question lingers... Am I truly the asshole here?"
189	168	adjudicated	ESH	Me (17m) and this girl (17f)  met each other through work and immediately we had a connection and became very close friends. Our friendship was very good and we always laughed when near each other and were constantly talking to each other. All our friends said we were cute together and after a month we started dating. The first couple months of the relationship were amazing and we were constantly going on dates and hanging out together. Now this was during the summer but once school started back the problems began. She became distant and we had less time together and whenever we did have time and planned something out she would cancel. Then she texted me that she thought about breaking up with me but decided against it. I asked her why and she said she didn’t trust me anymore and I had no clue why. After texting for a while she finally told me. We work at a store and before we started dating I would buy all my other coworkers stuff like candy bars or anything like that and when we started dating she said we shouldn’t buy any other person anything and I agreed. I stopped doing it but after a couple months I was in this one’s girl line buying my lunch and she asked me to buy her candy and I said no and she said she’ll give me a few dollars for it later so I did. I told my gf about it because I had felt bad immediately afterwards and she just responded okay and I told her I won’t do it again. And that was the reason she never trusted me according to her. She said if I could break that promise then I can break any promise. I regret doing it because I know I promised her I wouldn’t and I do feel bad but I think she’s overreacting. Eventually we swept this problem under the rug and never really addressed it and she was still mad at me and didn’t trust me and every time I tried to bring it up she ignored it. After that we stayed together for another 2 months but she constantly almost broke up with me. A couple days before we broke up she told me she had confessed to the last guy she liked before me she used to like him. She sent me screenshots of their text and her telling him that and that rubbed me the wrong way. We were still together and she would tell him that and the texts made it seem she only settled for me. There were other problems in the relationship that led to breaking up. Ever since she wants to get back with me one week then decides to never need to speak again the next and it’s been like that for almost 2 months now and I’m sick of it. But she always brings up her trust issues with me now and how I broke it and can never win her trust back after what I did. So aita for buying another girl candy or is she overreacting. I really love this girl and want to be with her but not if she can’t trust me.
65	39	adjudicated	TTA	"Throwaway acc cos I dont want my friends to find this post. A little bit of a background story; me, 21f, is overweighted and never has a boyfriend.

I visited my family last weekend and my sister told me when I was away in uni, my brother (14) told her that I will never have a chance to get married, that im so fat that no one will ever like me.

I was obviously sad but surprisingly not furious. I sat on the couch for few hours and didn’t utter a single word. Later my brother asked me to help him with his homework. I looked at him and said it in a sarcastic tone ‘why dont you ask someone that has a chance to get married for help. I dont think an unlikeable person could help you with anything’ He then obviously knew what I was referred to. He ran to mum and said I didn’t help me.

My mum came out of her room, barged into the living room and yelled at me ‘I paid for your fucking college, I paid everything for you and thats how you repay me? You wouldn’t even help your own brother? You are fucking selfish and you wont even help your family ’

I yelled back at her and told her wt happened.

She then yelled back’ And? Was he wrong? You cannot silence every-fucking-one in this world. You can threaten your brother but that doesnt change the fact that you are fat and ugly. And now you are selfish. No one will ever love you and marry you.’

I then just cried and left my house and went back to my dorm. Haven’t contacted my parents ever since.

My mum texted me that shes very disappointed at me cause as the eldest sister, I should help my brother and she was already v stressed after work, she doesn’t need these kind of bullshit around the house.

Edit: Just wanted to add some INFO on why I might be the AH.

I know Im much older than him and honestly I shld have acted in a more mature manner. Maybe I shouldn’t have ‘confronted’ him or maybe I should have dealt with it in a more peaceful manner. Its just that im sensitive about my weight for obvious reason😅

Hvnt had the courage to read the comments but I’d like to just thank you for any input. Im v confused rn.

Edit: NOT fake!! Dont know why anyone would think thats fake, maybe cause I got poor writing skills or the whole thing looks fake. Tbf I wasnt that clear headed when Im typing the whole thing out so maybe thats why :p"
169	108	adjudicated	TTA	"My partner and I are getting married in a years time. We sent out the ""save the date"" cards with a nice note saying that it will be adults only event (18+) as most of our friends and family members have kids. Our friends and my partners family don't have any issues with this. They all are happy to have a night away from the kids and were grateful for a years notice to find babysitters. My family however, weren't. My sister has told me that she and my BIL won't be able to attend as their kids (ranging she from 7 to 13) won't be allowed to attend and she can't find a babysitter. I suggested her inlaws (as a possibility) who regularly look after her kids and explained my reasons for having an adult only event (cost being one of them and we were going to do a separate day where we have a mock wedding after we get back from the honeymoon) but she still refused to attend. I said that's fine and I respect her decision, and said I won't send her an invite as to not rub the wedding in her face. Now my parents and brother are angry at me for not going to send her an invite (which will have the location (local) and time of the wedding) and are refusing to attend also. Last time she was invited to an adults only wedding, 2 years ago, she brought the her kids along (against the bride and grooms wishes) and they ended up screaming through the service and destroyed the cake. I want people to relax and enjoy my wedding without having to worry about crying kids or wondering where they are. My partner supports me but thinks I should not send out invitations to either my sister, my parents as well my brother. So I'm wondering AITA for not sending them invitations? They can still come to the ""kiddie"" wedding as that's going to be more kid friendly. Please note that no invitations have gone out yet and will be going out in the next 6 months."
308	115	adjudicated	ESH	"Long story coming up:

My husband and I have been together for 13 years, married for 5. We met while traveling and are from two different European countries. When we were younger we were avid travelers and spent over 2 years traveling before settling in his hometown, because he's 5 years older than me and it was easier for him to find a job. Since then we have been here for 10 years, have an apartment a nearly 2-year-old, a cat, a circle of friends and I'm pregnant with our second. 

My husband has tried to change his job for years and no opportunity really worked out and it got to a point where he was really frustrated where he was for a long time. Ironically he got a job opportunity just when things started to look up at his company (promotion). He actually got 3 offers at the same time at the beginning of this year, 2 nearby(no move required) and 1 with 1 year of training and then relocation to a massive city in South America. There were many heated discussions in that period and I was pregnant at the time. I told him that I was actually quite happy where we are and not thrilled about a move. Long story short there was a long negotiation period, we lost a child, got pregnant again and at one point I just didn't have any anymore and gave in to the pressure and said ""Just sign the damn contract"". 

Now I'm really really regretting it. I am happy where I am, with lots of support from friends and my father-in-law who my son adores, great kindergarten, health care, etc. Also, my family lives at a distance that we can at least see them regularly. I am so frustrated that I'm supposed to give up all this for his career. It would only be a slight improvement money-wise. My husband would be out of the house 12 hours a day and traveling for work regularly while I'd be stuck in a not-so-safe country with 2 little kids and no support or network whatsoever and very few chances to see family or friends back home.

He is furious that I'm ""ruining"" this opportunity for him, while I'm terribly upset that he's essentially okay with ruining my life. He has also said, that coming back after a period would be basically impossible with his job. So I don't see any kind of compromise from his side. It might be hormones, it might be build-up anger (kind of feeling bullied into this decision in a weak moment) but I'm almost considering saying ""Just go then if you put your career over everything else"". 

Well aware we didn't make great choices, but it's also been a rather shitty year for us and I am seeing some shitty times on the horizon. So, give me your perspective, AITA? What would you do?"
243	10	adjudicated	TTA	"She asked me for money to support her and her daughter. I told her no because it is mine and my husbands money.

We are recently married and I’ve just found out I’m pregnant. My husband dislikes my sister and she dislikes him. My sister and I are usually close but she dislikes my husband. He earns the most money and his family is wealthy so my sister dislikes him for that and calls him snobby and stuck up. Why should I help her when she treats my husband like that?

When I said no she told me I was selfish and that I thought I was better than her, then she had the nerve to say that my husband would leave me when I got old and ugly. She said that he only liked me because of my looks. I said she can’t even get a man to stay with her so I won’t be taking advice from her. Our parents even backed her up and told me I wasn’t being fair and that she couldn’t pay her bills. They said they helped her out even though they have a lot less money to spare. Maybe that was bad but in my point of view it’s not my problem."
149	426	adjudicated	TTA	"My older sister (38f) and I (30f) have been bumping heads a lot. She continues to make comments about my lifestyle. Usually I just ignore or let it slide but I for once I addressed my concerns with her. 

She has this perception I’m RICH because I hussle for my money and enjoy it . I work hard to play hard . I make about 150k a year. I take 2 two week vacations a year, 2 vacations with my family which includes her as well. Anywho I work two jobs, volunteer, take my nieces out weekly, recently adopted a dog. I’m really humble and don’t brag about myself. 

Anywho, her 7 year old daughter (my niece) said some really inappropriate things to me out of nowhere when I was talking to my mom ex. I’m a snitch, I can’t be trusted, I can’t get pregnant because my uterus doesn’t work (not true), I’m a lair. My mom and I were flabbergasted by what she said and my niece said her mom told her that stuff about me. My niece didn’t say these things angry. She said them pretty happy just for context. When I tried to address my sister (her mom) she told me her daughter made it up. I told her that is not true as I work with children for a living and the words she is saying it is from you. Definitely not made up. 

My sister cussed me out and threw me out her room. Accused me of treating her like a patient. I just asked her “Where is this anger towards me coming from?” She confirmed she said those things about me to her daughter because she can. I said - I am just trying to have a conversation to understand. She proceeded to say I have life so easy, everyone can’t be a “Megan Markle”, I’m the favorite child, vacation whenever and have everything on a silver platter . 

So I told her . I notice you been so unkind to me but for the record I work hard. While you are laying in bed right after work sleep or on Facebook or tik tik just strolling - I’m still working creating the life I want. You have your masters degree in accounting refusing to get a cpa choosing to work for $18 an hour job that is leaving you broke because you didn’t want to apply yourself out of pure laziness. Your choice not mine. I left her room and went back to my parents room . I was irritated. 

AITAH calling my sister lazy and broke?"
439	315	adjudicated	NAH	"I (21F) and my bestfriend (21F) had been friends since we were children. We live in the same neighborhood not until a few years later that they had to move houses 2 rides away. 

Her family had also been welcoming to me and takes care of me a lot whenever I stay with them at their new house, treating me with utmost generosity. 

About a few months ago, she's been saying that she wants to move out, and a few months after that, the night before and after she did, she also contacted me. I won't be disclosing much details but what I can say is she's been getting verbally ab*sed and turning nanny like rather than a family member. With the screenshots that she showed me, I'd do the same. All I can say is there's always a bad side to every family, but hers is...yeah. 

Her aunt who is her primary caretaker tried to contact me few months back too, attempting to know anything about her. But I did not reply. With that, I also decided to cut contact with her family too to take a stand for my friend and show my support to her. But both of our bestfriends had contrasting insights. One friend says to still be courteous since they took care of us at one point. Another friend is taking a stand because her family is not our friend but her. Cutting contact with her family is making me have these thoughts that I am an ingrate, but I want to take a stand for my friend. 

Am I the asshole?"
114	464	adjudicated	NAH	"My (33M) wife (29F) is pregnant with our second child and her due date is on Thanksgiving. Since we’ve been getting closer to her due date, my parents (64F, 59M) have been talking about when they will come meet their new grandchild (they live five hours away). It should be noted that I have one sibling, but she is decidedly child-free, so these are their only grandkids.

When our first was born, it was the end of September and my parents visisted the week he was born. They visited again during the week of Christmas. I had told mom that we would prefer if they visited before Christmas week but my parents either ignored me or forgot about that conversation. It was fine, but we were exhausted with a 3 month old and my wife had to spend the end of her maternity leave with her in-laws.

This time, I made it clear to my mom that we wanted to have the holidays without any visitors so we could focus on our newly grown family, especially because the newborn period is a very vulnerable time for the mother and I don’t want a repeat of last time. She said she understood.

While they were visiting last (during my son’s birthday), they were hashing out when they would visit baby 2. My dad said “why don’t we come for Christmas” or something like that. I told him no and they could come sometime between Thanksgiving and Christmas, but not during Christmas week

Last week my dad and I were talking on the phone about their plan and he brought up coming for Christmas again. I told him “I already said no. Our doors will be locked during that week.”

He’s been pissy lately whenever we talk and saying things like “the holidays are supposed to be spent with family” and “you wouldn’t keep your in-laws from visiting.” My mom is asking me if we’ll reconsider because my dad feels really hurt and she said I’m a jerk for not even taking it to my wife.

So, AITA for telling my dad they can’t come for Christmas?"
482	359	adjudicated	ESH	"33M. My set schedule is M-F 8a-4p but typically I'm at work from 6a-7p a lot of nights because I'm a manager and we deal with a lot of call outs. It's a very physically demanding job, as we have to move steel lifts by hand (150+ lbs). I also have to do grocery runs nearly every night and laundry on my days off because we don't have a washer/dryer hookup in the apartment. 

My wife homeschools my 3 step kids right now (14m, 13f, 9m) but only until the school system puts plans in place for online schooling in the event of school call offs due to COVID. This decision was made because since school started, 3 weeks and 5 days of it have been called off due to COVID outbreaks, during which time the school hasn't done any schooling (not even online). The kids were falling behind so she opted to just homeschool until the school figures it out. We also have a 7 week old daughter that is strictly breastfed and requires a lot of my wife's time/energy. So, we are both really busy and drained. 

Yesterday work was one of the worst days by far. I came home with bruises and blisters on my hands, legs and stomach (4 call outs so it was only me and one other employee- who is an 18yo that doesn't do much outside of check tiktok). I was in a good amount of discomfort and just wanted to relax. I took the baby when I got home (after grocery shopping) and went to sit in front of the TV. My wife got dinner prepared+dished out. I hand the baby back to her because it's feeding time and then I eat dinner. My wife gets the baby to sleep and then starts cleaning the dishes. Well, I forgot my lunch pail in the truck and asked my wife to grab it for me and she completely spiraled. She's like ""are you going to get off your ass and do absolutely anything tonight or do you just expect me to be the maid? Want me to wipe you ass while I'm at it?"" I asked what she was on about and she said ""I homeschooled all day with a baby attached to my breast, did the dishes just to make dinner that I didn't get to eat and then washed the dishes again, just to have to put the baby down and now you're asking me to do more even though you are doing jack shit."" I just said whatever and dismissed it because it's not worth the fight but today I texted her and asked what she was doing and she said ""everything, per usual"" so apparently she's still on her tangent. I don't ask for much but last night I wasn't willing to do anything. AITA?

ETA: I didn't see it as a big deal because she was going outside anyways to water her plants."
329	383	adjudicated	TTA	"I (19 F) am the youngest of my siblings, we had abusive/alcoholic parents and nobody that would help growing up. This is important because it turned us into who we are today and will help you better understand the issues in this post.
  I watched several of my siblings face really bad methamphetamine addiction. When I was 3 my second oldest nephew (David) was born and placed with me and my parents (his grandparents) for years. My sister (33 att) was finally sober and capable of taking care of him so he moved back with her (he was 10 att). After a few years my sister had a few more kids and now has 5 that live with her(7 in total) no father figure and they all have different fathers that aren’t there very much aside from the two that don’t live with her.
 After seeming to be sober since getting David back, my sister started disappearing for days on end again, I wasn’t old enough to recognize this behavior when she was previously using, but now I knew what she was doing. She would usually leave David to watch the rest of the kids while she went on benders, my parents were totally oblivious to what was happening, either that or they just didn’t want to believe it was happening again.
  Well me? Oh I was pissed, for starters you don’t sign your 13 year old up to watch all his younger siblings by himself and take care of the house especially when there are 4 ranging from newborn to 8 years old. The next thing was the fact that she couldn’t even bother texting anyone back to let us know she is even alive. I was livid at the fact that she just left them all alone, I would actually walk there (about 5 miles) to go help watch the kids and make them food and then eventually got my license and was taking them to school and everything. 
  I drew the line when she asked me to borrow her money to pay her electric bills (meaning she was behind). I stopped going over there and helping with the kids and instead I called CPS, which is child protective services, and told them everything. The children were to live at my parents house while my sister goes to meetings and treatment. She also was placed on a no contact with multiple people in the county that were believed to be providing these drugs and was put on probation.
  My sister didn’t get to see her kids for about five months including holidays such as Thanksgiving and Christmas. Eventually she did get clean again and got them back but she is still pissed at me for reporting her, I truly don’t believe I am wrong for this, especially after she lost custody of two other kids for her addiction previously.
  (She is 39 now, sober and has custody of 7/8 kids, she got custody of her first born child after this entire ordeal, he is now 18 and moved out, the 12 y/o is now 16 and is in therapy and anger management.)"
275	351	adjudicated	YTA	Hi, (30m) have a loving wife named Amara (34f), she was everything I asked for and I know about her family's situation so we don't talk about it. But when she received an invitation from her family that asks her to come for her brother's wedding, she told me she didn't want to go, however, I wanted her reconcile with her family. Bygones be bygones, but then she got so upset and didn't want to speak to me, i know she had  bad experience with her family, but isn't it about time to forgive ? That's all I want for her. AITA for forcing her to move on?
466	21	adjudicated	YTA	"I was recently asked by a former colleague who is now a professor to speak to her college sales class (junior and senior sales majors who have done at least one internship), and I accepted. I have over 25 years of sales experience and am currently chief sales officer of a large company, employing a sales team of over 100 people. In the past, I have done a lot of trainings and presentations like this, and in fact, I repurposed a presentation I used recently for this particular occasion. 

The presentation started normally with basic sales tactics, examples, and activities to get the class involved. Eventually we transitioned to a section about “being a chameleon” in sales. This essentially means adjusting your approach based on the person in front of you… pretty simple stuff. I wanted to highlight this on many levels, so I made the comparison of selling to someone from NY vs someone from North Carolina vs someone from the Pacific Northwest. That seemed to resonate. 

Then I used a cultural example, and this is where we derailed. I talked about Indian people specifically, and that generally they are more analytical and are not prone to quick decisions or decisions made without consulting their spouse. I said it’s common knowledge that it is difficult to sell to Indian people, and you need know that certain tactics may not work. The first comment that came back was, “So you stereotype people so you can manipulate them?” I was flabbergasted and replied that goal is to communicate better, and the response was “by using someone’s race against them?” I tried to steer the conversation back by making other comparisons like if the person talked about God, then I would mention my faith, or if they’re from Pittsburgh, I would talk about football. But same 3-4 students kept firing back smart ass remarks, clearly trying to be difficult. I finally ended it by asking if they really thought it was out of line and manipulative. Six students raised their hands, and I told them that we do whatever necessary to communicate with the client the best way possible to get the sale, and if you think that is manipulative, then I think you need to find a different major, because sales is not for you. This resulted in silence except for one student saying “rude” under her breath. I moved on to a completely different subject and concluded the presentation shortly after.

Discussing later with the prof, she mentioned two students dropped her class, and one filed a formal complaint. She agreed I didn’t do anything wrong, but my spouse disagrees, saying they are just kids and I shouldn’t have smacked them down like they were my employees."
74	317	adjudicated	TTA	"I have never smoked and I heavily dislike the smell of weed. I don’t judge people that choose to do so, but I personally can’t be around the smell. My housemates know this and have usually gone outside to smoke which is fine. Recently they had friends over and were talking amongst themselves about smoking on the couches inside. I interjected and kindly said no please don’t do that. They blankly stared at me like I was crazy and said “well we did already the other day”. I responded by saying couldn’t you have run that by me first knowing that I wouldn’t want that? Which they just responded “Uh ok?” Then after a few minutes my housemate said would you be pissed if we do it inside when our friends come over today, I responded yes, to which she responded “well we are probably going to do it anyway.” I said so why did you even ask me? clearly you don’t care how I feel about it. They proceeded to tell me “you never sit in this room so why does it matter, it doesn’t smell, our other roommate doesn’t smoke but doesn’t mind us smoking inside, why don’t you just go upstairs, etc etc. I’m just really upset about the lack of respect here. Ever since this conversation they have been discluding me and talking about me like I am crazy for disagreeing with them. Isn’t it common courtesy to just smoke outside/if your friend or housemate feels ill from the smell of weed wouldn’t you make sure to go outside? Why should I be the one to have to “stay upstairs” or leave the house when they can just go outside on the deck. I was very nice about this whole thing but the way they are acting now makes it seem like i’m a huge problem. Our house now smells all the time and I stay upstairs when they smoke but end up having to leave the house because the smell just overwhelms all the rooms in the house.

In need of more opinions on this/what to do going forward. Am I the wrong one?"
282	418	adjudicated	TTA	"Our whole relationship his mom has hated me. He even blocked her and that whole side of the family because she told him that i cant be around them if he sees them. He unblocked them and he apologized to her for some reason and theyve been talking since. 

Every single time he sees her or talks to her she says stuff to him like ""she just trapped you"" ""she wouldnt hesitate to get you arrested if you argued and tried to leave her"" ""just know you arent trapped look deep down in your heart and think about what you truly want"". I have a 4 month old son with him and I'm not allowing her to be around me or our son anymore because she wouldnt stop showing up to my house unannounced and she's just getting worse. 

Yesterday i told him ""i just wish you would side with me instead of siding with your mom when she talks about me that way"" then he spiraled out of control and started slamming stuff saying that i can't make him stop talking to his mom (which was never what i said), that she was right and i trapped him from the beginning and hes never actually loved or wanted to be with me, and i ended up talking the baby and leaving for a couple days. 

That night he messaged me saying how sorry he is and he knows now that he doesnt really feel that way about me and he wont let her alter his opinion anymore. He even offered to cut her out of his life entirely and then revoked the offer the next day.
 I agreed to go to couples therapy to try to make things work between us because i genuinely dont want to break up and have him never see his son. But he went to his moms house to stay the night (im still not home yet) and he really refuses to even tell her to stop talking about me. He said that shes always hated me and said those things and shes pissed that hes even staying with me but he wont let her change his mind again. 
I really just wish she was out of his life entirely but i wont ask him to do that because as toxic as she is i get it kind of its his mom. But at the same time he married me and had a kid with me.. should we not come first? So am i the asshole for being upset that he hasnt once stuck up for me and continues to just allow her to badmouth me and try to convince him to leave me?"
430	366	adjudicated	NAH	Went to a Halloween party and brought like 6 juices and two big bottles of alcohol. They of course had more bottles besides mine. At the end of the party. I packed up my juices and my last bottle of alcohol and took it back home with me. Does the host get free alcohol and juices on me, or am I in the right to pack whatever is leftover?
6	377	adjudicated	NAH	"My friend is a bad picker. After divorce her first boyfriend was a heroine addict and alcoholic. I told her that he was an addict on the first week, and she denied it. I found charges online for meth possession and he served jail time for it, she said he was framed. 

6 months later she calls me crying that he is an addict and he has been the whole time but he’s been hiding it from her and lying to her (obviously). Luckily this guy never met her son (5). 

Next guy, seems ok, but then after a year she starts talking marriage and babies with him and I get suspicious when I find out he couldn’t get a passport. I find out he’s got $20k in past due child support and a criminal charge for soliciting a prostitute from the week before he moved in with her and her son. 

He’s got some bs story about it that it looked like a girl he used to know and he just wanted to see if she was okay. But cmon, he got caught in a sting op at a motel and was texting her negotiating $$ for sex act. My friend believes his story. Her parents and I say we’re never gonna trust him or accept him cause he’s a liar. She sticks with him anyways. 

6 months later she tells me she’s gonna let him babysit her kid weekly while she’s in class. I freak out. It seems so risky to leave him with this untrustworthy guy. I tell her parents because honestly I wanted a gut check. They flipped out and tried to intervene. She’s now beyond pissed at me for “inserting myself” and trying to “control”. AITA?"
178	144	adjudicated	TTA	"This has been a issue between my wife(29f) and me(31m) for about the last year.  We have been married two years. My wife has a habit of leaving messes around the house. This includes things like dirty dishes, stacks of junk, wrappers/napkins, and destroyed kitchen after using it.

Most of the time my wife is out or busy when I notice a mess and since I need to do something in the area I tend to be the one that cleans it up. I have asked her repeatedly over the last year to please clean up after herself a little better. The thing is she denies even doing it which has kind of left me at a loss.

Recently I have decided to take a new approach. If I have to clean up an area, I have been tracking when, where and before/after photo of the area then sending it to my wife. This has obviously caused a bit of tension between us and her calling me petty and an asshole. However, since I started doing this I have also noticed a steep decline in messes made. AITA?

ETA: We both work full-time jobs. She works from home 3 days a week and I work in the office. She regularly goes out after work with friends and coworkers which is usually when I find a mess when I get home. I do a majority of the cleaning and cooking."
129	329	adjudicated	NAH	"I (25F) have been dating my boyfriend (25M) for two years now, and we have been friends a little bit before that. I have always talked to him about exactly what kind of engagement ring I’ve wanted. I am a very type A person and I am very particular about any jewelry that I wear. I have sent him pictures of what engagement ring that I want, and we have even gone to jewelers together in the past. He knows exactly what kind of ring I have wanted for over 2 years now, he even has access to my Pinterest board. I’ve always wanted a 3ct lab grown with claw prongs on yellow gold. I feel like it might sound dumb but I have just always wanted my dream ring.

Anyways fast forward to now, I casually brought up in conversation about how much I liked my friends engagement ring. Which opened up this conversation about rings. I made a joke about how if it wasn’t my dream ring I didn’t want to get engaged. My bf flipped out and got upset because he said that he never knew how serious I was about this and explained he already bought the engagement ring. He explained that it’s 2ct and not the same prongs I wanted. I calmly explained that it’s okay, I was just confused why he didn’t think I was not being serious about the exact ring I wanted. He told me that he thought I would be happy with this ring as it was close to what I wanted and he said he always thought I was just joking about how if it wasn’t the ring I wanted then I would say no. AITA that I am honestly super disappointed that it isn’t my dream ring? Am I supposed to be grateful that he bought me something close?

Background: he comes from any extremely wealthy family and money is not an issue here. Also the ring I want is not out of his budget that we have talked about.

Edit: I would 100% still say yes regardless with whatever he proposed to me with. I’m just upset that he has known exactly what ring I’ve wanted for years and didn’t get it for me."
379	135	adjudicated	YTA	"Throwaway.

I am 28 and I live in a big city so family will come over for weekend trips or vacation and crash at my place. I have a strict my home is a dry household, so no drinking or any drugs ( like weed, I’m not banning Advil and what not) in the home. This isn’t a secret at all and I inform them the moment people start talking about staying at my home.

Now this hasn’t been an issue before since everyone respected it and would just head to the bar if they wanted to drink. Sometimes I would join and just drink something that not alcoholic.

My cousin Rebecca was staying this week. It was going well until I got home from grabbing takeout and she is drinking wine on my couch. I told her to get rid of that right now and I told her the rules. This resulted in an argument where I kicked her for refusing to get rid of it.

She called me an asshole and now my family is on my ass for being a prude about this."
253	198	adjudicated	ESH	"****EDIT: I appreciate the concern about the children however we are both adults who grew up in toxic homes therefore the children are never around during the arguments, which are rare. The previous break ups I will take responsibility for because, due to my previous relationship, I was unable to have a voice for myself and would not communicate and instead would shut down. I have been seeing a therapist for over a year who has helped a lot and was ultimately the reason we wanted to try again. We both love each other very much and want to make things work. EVERYTHING in the relationship is perfect except for the now lack of trust. He is an amazing father and partner and says it was a mistake to take me for granted. He said that he is done messing around because he does not want to lose me and the life we built together. He has said that if he feels the need to continue those habits, he will tell me and end the relationship so that we can maintain a good coparenting relationship. He has also never physically cheated and has never met anyone in person. Also, to the people saying I should have left the first time. I was not aware of any of this happening until about 3 months ago. 

I (25F) have been in an on and off again relationship with my SO (27M) for three years. We have a child together (2F) and I have a child from my previous relationship (8M). 

He left the home when I was about 6 months pregnant and since then we’ve broken up and gotten back together twice. This past July a girl I know reached out asking if we were still seeing each other. Once she knew we were absolutely together she sent screenshots of his tinder profile and messages to her. We discussed this and he said he only did it because, while we were broken up, I went to spend time with an old friend (25M). We discussed this and agreed to work on our relationship and move past it. 

About 3 months ago, I decided to go through his phone. (This is out of character for me but I couldn’t ignore my intuition any longer). On his phone I found multiple nudes, texts, dms from women dating all the way back to the beginning of our relationship. He claimed that it was just him being childish and had nothing to do with us. He was happy with me and did not want to lose me. From there it was agreed that his accounts would be logged into my phone to give me a piece of mind. 

This morning we got into a huge argument about how he feels I am controlling him, always bringing up the past, and questioning him like a child. I told him that if he can’t deal with the consequences of his own actions and be reassuring and kind that I don’t know what we are trying to accomplish by staying together. 

So.. AITA for questioning things and wanting reassurance while working through the traumatic event. Have I taken this too far or are my expectations valid?"
313	397	adjudicated	YTA	"I’m (28M) subbing as a history teacher in my nephew’s (13M) school. From our first class, he always called me Uncle (First Name), which didn’t bother me personally, but then again, I was never in this position to teach anyone in my family before. 

Last Friday, my nephew and a friend of his were being disruptive during class, and I went over and asked them to drop it. My nephew started to reply using my name (‘Come on, Uncle…’), and I stopped him right there: “I’m your uncle outside of this school, here I’m your teacher and you’ll address me as Mr…” 

I said so because I thought it was important to draw this line, so he’d respect me in this situation and see me as any of his teachers. Tonight, I got a call from my sister (37F) – his mother. She said my nephew came home from school upset and now she finally got out of him that I had told him not to call me uncle in school. 

I explained the situation to her. She says I should have explained things to him from day one, privately, instead of calling him out in front of the entire class. If I did, I would have set the boundaries sooner, and maybe he wouldn’t feel comfortable to misbehave in my presence. Now I’m feeling like I failed here.
"
471	443	adjudicated	TTA	"I'm a teacher for primary grades and middle school. I just joined last week and have only introduced myself and interacted with the students. I heard one of my colleagues complained to someone I know that I was 'too nice, too naive, and must change and be professional' 


I am known to talk pretty, which is having a soft tone and kind words with a lot of sweetness. A lot of strangers have commented on that. This is how I talk to anyone who is not my friend or family. I'm an introvert and I'm not good with short talks and have a bit of social anxiety and that is probably why I talk this way. But if I'm having a deep conversation with anybody, I'd talk the way I talk with my friends and family. Other than the way I talk I am a lil bit of a pushover too but I'm stubborn with my judgment and morals. I go out of the way to help people and that's only because I like helping. It's just that I deal with mental illness and comorbidities and making people smile makes me feel happy. I always thought people loved the way I talked and helped them out every time because I was told so. 



Now I just had a breakdown because I don't understand what I must do. The problem is that I'm nice, so what's the solution, to not be nice? That will not align with my morals so I do not want to do it. I'm confused. I'd like to choose my morals over people but would that be right? Tbh I don't even feel like I'm the AH but since it has become a complaint I'm thinking if I'm th AH and if I'm missing out something. Also just to note while I interacted with the students, I did it all in my normal tone but they said I was still being too soft and kind.



AITA"
141	208	adjudicated	NAH	"A bit of background, my girlfriend (F21) and Me (M24) have been together for over a year. She comes from a very religious household (church every Sunday,attending every church function, watching other parishioners kids like family, nightly prayer and Bible readings, the works) whereas I did not but harbor no hate to those that do worship. Recently the topic of our hypothetical kids being forced to go to church if her parents watch them, came up. I told her I don’t want her parents forcing my kids to go if they don’t want to. She’s said “if they’re under my parents roof, they follow my parents rules” which is fine to an extent. But I draw the line at forcing my kids to attend church. If my kids want to, that’s one thing, I’ll encourage it. But just like I wouldn’t force them to show affection to family members or eat food they don’t like (obviously after they try it) I won’t force religion on them. I said I’d compromise for holidays like Easter or Christmas. Now my girlfriend won’t talk to me. 


TL;DR
My girlfriend is mad at me for not letting my kids be forced to go to church"
484	372	adjudicated	ESH	"I need some advice, Please. I’ve been friends with this Girl for a little over 2 years now, she was a personal trainer (I’ll refer to her as PT) I hired and we became friends and are now going to concerts together, we go to Trivia and just hang out as friends do. The whole time I’ve known her she’s been single, she goes on date, but no relationships. In the last few months the Gym we go to hired a new front desk person (FD). FD and PT are hanging out often and have been intimate with each other. She has no idea what they are in terms of being in a relationship or friends. He says they are coworkers. we’ve all hung out a few times and FD and I get along really well. Just as friends. He’s like a goofy little brother I’ve never had. He’s openly shared his love for certain kind of films and its just been a running joke. Him and I will text throughout the day, mostly just nonsense and random “Dad Jokes”. Its near Thanksgiving and I asked PT and FD what kind of pies they like. PT likes apple, FD likes cream pie. FD being who he is went on this random thing about cream pies (not the kind you bake). It was funny and we were joking around about it, and PT knew we were doing this because I was with her telling her what I was texting FD. Later that night, FD was texting me about the pies and was talking other random things and he told me he has videos of a guy ""finishing"" himself, which was all related to the cream pie talk. I thought we were just joking around and just being weird and silly. The way he was talking made me ask if these videos were of him, and yes they were. He was talking about his videos. I was shocked and the texts stopped after that. \*\* He did not share any videos with me, and I didn't ask for any.\*\* I asked him why he had so many. FD told me he's just saved them up over the years and sends them to people. My immediate response was to who? But he didn't answer that question. I felt immediately guilty about talking about this with him, since it was about him. I told PT what happened because I thought I should and she should know if he's sending these videos to other people while being with her.
  

  
Of course PT was furious at me. She accused me of trying to sabotage her relationship, and how I never wanted them to be together. None of that is true, and I would never do anything to break up a relationship. She thought he sent me videos, and when she finally calmed down she understood that there were no videos being shared. It was also kind of made clear that I can't text him anymore.
  

  
I stopped texting him, and I feel so bad about it. I don't want him to think I don't like him or that he freaked me out. I just don't want to deal with the drama of PT being all upset.
  

  
PT was/is only mad at me.. she hasn't even asked or talked to FD about it. Which really bothers me.
  

  
Am I the asshole for telling PT what happened? Am I the asshole for no longer talking to FD?"
289	291	adjudicated	ESH	"Let me preface by saying that I (17F) have deeply rooted issues related to my friends ignoring, leaving, turning my friends against me, and bullying me throughout the entirety of my childhood, of which my best friend (17F) knows about. We already have some pre-existing issues related to this topic as I have to walk on eggshells around her and can’t speak with her about my feelings or state my opinion on anything regarding her or she gets defensive about it and only adresses it when she wants to talk about it (I’ve had to wait 3 years for her to acknowledge my feelings on an argument because she said she wasn’t ready to have it and admitted I was right). As well as flipping back and forth on whether she wants me to tell her the truth instead of lying to her about it so she feels better (she tells me to keep my opinion to myself if I don’t agree with her actions). And what has happened to me in this story has already been done by her to another person in the last few months.

Now onto the story.

I have 3 good friends, including my best friend of 7 years who I’ll call “M” for short, our good friend of 5 years (17F), and (18F) whom I’ve known for a year only because she’s always around M whom she’s told her multiple times that I’m not ‘good enough’ for her. For context I’ve done nothing wrong to either of the other 2 and they’ve privately told me that they don’t see the issues in my behaviour and have stopped her from starting an argument with me in public before.

Yesterday we went on a field trip to a centre for people with developmental disorders during which they acted like I was invisible. They and our other friends on the trip actively ignored me when I spoke to them, looked away when I tried to, were giving each other looks, and disappeared to ‘go to the bathroom’ multiple times to talk bad about me.

When I spoke to M about it during the trip by saying “you haven’t spoken to me the whole day” she ignored it and I gave her a dirty look after which she told me to “be mad about it.” No one sat or spoke to me on the bus rides. At one point we needed to do a dance with another person during an activity in a giant circle of everyone there (of which I was the only one alone) and they actively ignored me as they danced and laughed right next to me and it was noticeable enough that the staff and teachers started dancing with me out of pity. 

I later messaged asking her what I did wrong and she said she did it because she disliked some teasing jokes I make towards her because she’s sensitive about it (her own words) (I have and do apologize for it and try minimizing this behaviour because she has an issue with them but she doesn’t bring it up and blows up on me instead). This time it was me telling her that the Halloween makeup she did for fun was bad (which she agreed with) and trying to help her fix it after she asked me to, saying “I needed to start doing better in school” after she told me about her good grades (which I’m proud of her for and have told her that, and apologized to her for saying that previously), and asking if she’s OK every time she seems upset when I see her. 

After I, in detail, explained to her why this was a problem to me and how I wouldn’t let her cross the boundary recreating the bullying that happened to me (something she extensively promised to never do), she told me to get over it, stop playing the innocent victim card, and overdramatizing her giving me the “silent treatment” for a day. I’m by no means a saint, but imo what she and our friends did was cruel. 

AITA?

Edit: context"
447	306	adjudicated	TTA	Some context here my kids dad passed away when they were young. I petitioned the court to let me use all of the wrongful death lawsuit money to buy a house for my kids. We lived in said house for 7 years. It was set up with the court that my kids would get 5k at age 18, 10k at 21, and the rest at 35. My oldest got a car 5k at 17 almost 18 when we sold the house. They are now 21, 19, and 18. I'm about to sell the house I bought 2 years ago, I am remarried and have been for about 11 years.  I plan to take a portion of the profit on the house I've paid the mortgage on by myself for the past 2 years (his name is not on the house) and pay my kids their inherenance which between the 3 of them is about 20k. I will still have about 30k left to pay off debts. I don't plan to buy a house for another 2-3 years. My husband keeps telling me I'm screwing him over and putting the kids first and the money from the house was spent and is gone and I need to just let it go. I am living in the past, that ship has sailed and so on. I honestly do not understand how I am screwing him over. I plan to pay off the debts that are in his name for things he put into the house,  he financed the furnace and ac when they went out and we had 2 of them as well as another loan he took out to help the family. I am struggling to see his side and feel like it's not just my duty but legal obligation to pay out my kids be doesn't think they deserve it because he's bitter about their relationship especially the 18 year old. He claims even the kids say that ship has sailed and I need to put it into mutual funds for the next house. Am I the asshole here?- my last post got deleted sorry for the duplicate
335	142	adjudicated	TTA	Long story short my husband (29) and I (27) decided last year that Christmas will be our day to spend home as a family and we can have family come to us and do dinners on other days. My mom has always done dinner Boxing Day which works out perfect. His mother has always done dinner Christmas Day but last year changed it for us. This year she texted him saying she’s doing it Christmas Day and he’s freaking on me because I said I’m not leaving with my kids to go to dinner after they just got given a bunch of new fun things. She also treats me like garbage and I’m currently pregnant and on bedrest (baby is due January) I swear she’s doing this just to fight. But now he’s on me freaking out saying he has no say even though we made these rules last year. Also might I add in his brother and their family only go once every few years where we are forced and guilted into going yearly. I offered that he may go alone but I will be at home spending time with our children.
57	18	adjudicated	TTA	This happened about a year ago, but I'm still being forced to sleep in the basement with my sister, when needed, to this day. I was a freshman at university and my dorm hall was closing. On the day of my arrival, everything seemed fine until the clock struck ten. My divorced mother told me I needed to go to the basement. She explained that she intended to meet someone from Tinder, and she preferred I stay away from them. My sister was prepared, but I was less enthusiastic about the idea. I asked her to reconsider since our rooms are far enough apart where nothing I could do would disturb her. However, she insisted I didn't talk back and went downstairs. So Reddit, AITA? Naive maybe?
126	417	adjudicated	NAH	"AITA for thinking of jokingly telling a stranger making comments about my kids “I just got them” or something of the same effect?

I’m not out much but when I am, I run into a lot of opinionated people who have something to stay about my kid’s ages, cultural appearances and if they share the same dad. I’m always nice in response even when they are rude or try to touch their hair, just telling them not to touch my children and exiting the area.
But now I’m not sure if my joke is a joke? I’m being told it’s a snarky and rude comment in response and to just be nice to everyone. I’m a doormat so I’m trying to get out of that. I personally thought of it as a joke. I understand kidnapping, but I just never realized how much humor has changed these past few years since having my first.

TLDR I think telling someone asking about my children “I just got them” is funny, but I was told it’s rude and snarky. AITA for finding it funny?"
183	275	adjudicated	NAH	"I won't be giving a lot of personal details such as my age andd gender since I am still living with my mother and stepfather (so for privacy reasons I won't include it). 
My mother and stepfather had a turbulent relationship at best. They have been for marriage counseling, to doctors etc, to find help for their marriage. Several doctors have told my mother that he has BPD, but she still believes she can change him. He refuses to admit that he needs help or that there is anything wrong with him to begin with. 
So that brings us to the situation at hand: He has been verbally and emotionally abusing me and my mother for years, but each time that they are ""fine"" again and he is in a ""good mood"" again, she refuses to admit that his behaviour is wrong and that he needs help. This week during my exams he told me that I'm a heartless person for not keeping a piece of a paper that my sister gave me. When I walked out, I told him it takes one to know one. My mother went off on me and told me that I should keep my mouth shut and that she just wanted peace, for once. Fast forward to today where she told me that he complained about me to her and she told me that I should learn to face the truth about myself, and if I can't that is not her problem or her picking him over me. I told her that I would never approve of him or how he treats us, so AITA?"
449	319	adjudicated	TTA	"My oldest ( Bethany 16) has a step sibling ( Maria 14 almost 15). Bethany and I are white while my husband and Maria are Mexican descent  They have been in each other lives since they were 6 and 7 and overall the relationship is good until recently. Maria quinceanera is coming up and my husband and his ex wife took her to get her dress.

The dress and alliterations came to around 3000 dollars. My daughter has been very jealous of the whole party. I’ve informed her it is part of the culture just like when she had a huge sweet sixteen party with her friends. I spent more time with her to try to make her feel better about it and got her own much cheaper dress for the party. 

The party is suppose to be in two weeks but my daughter after an argument with Maria about the tv she scribbled sharpie all of the expensive dress and ripped the back. The story short everyone was pissed.

I gave money to my husband and his ex to try to get a new dress ASAP. I informed my daughter she will need to get a job and pay back the full price of the dress as punishment.

We got in a huge argument over it and the whole situation isn’t fair that I am choosing Maria and being a huge jerk. Am I being a huge jerk."
53	410	adjudicated	TTA	I am a married woman in my fifties with 3 kids. When my husband and I married we agreed he would focus on his career and I would ‘flatline’, or stay at the same level to take care of the house and kids (note I still worked full time in finance, so not easy). Well, he never stepped up and I quietly worked doing both and progressed to a point where I make about $150k more than him. He makes a good salary but I am the breadwinner. I do all the cleaning, ironing and clothes. My husband does cooking and we share the kids activities. I’m exhausted. I’ve been working full time and managing the house for almost 30 years. I have no family here as I am a foreigner and I feel hopeless and tired. I’ve told my husband I want to retire or at least have a year off to recover. He is furious with me and says I need to keep providing. I feel like I have done everything - supported the family financially, taken care of the kids and house, and moved to his country because that’s what he wanted. Am I wrong to want to change this?
230	111	adjudicated	NAH	"I (49 M) have a younger brother, Frank (45), and two daughters with my wife (20, 23). Frank also married and had a son but divorced after not even two years into the marriage. My parents let him live in the old apartment that we grew up in. They live in the same town in the house after my grandparents.

Three years ago, my parents wanted to sell the old apt. Frank had his own place at that point. They wanted to divide the money between us two and them as it was our family home.

Later, Frank gave an idea that as he is seeing a girl who has a child, they will renovate the place together and move in as his apt is too small. They would swap apts with my parents and pay me my part. Frank was living there for free for over a decade and not doing anything around. The reno was necessary anyway, and I suggested he should do it and after that buy the apt for the agreed price.

My daughter then proposed moving into the new apt as it was closer to her uni and work. She would also pay rent to my parents and they agreed. A few weeks later, she was informed that they, in fact, aren't swaping apts with Frank, but he is renovating the old one and moving in anyway. He also won't ""pay me"" couse it's not for sale anymore, apparently. It will still be my parents' apt, and he will also keep his smaller one that he has already rented to strangers. In practice, he had two apts. When my daughter asked them what's happening with their agreement, they said they didn't know what she was talking about.

I'm not angry about not getting the money. I'm good on my own. It's about Frank having everything and me being left out. If it wasn't for my doughter, we probably wouldn't find out about this for a much longer time.

I told them how I see it, and they told me that I am delusional and an AH and that I made up all this stuff about selling the old apt, etc. It was like talking to a wall. I went home and hoped that they understood me and stopped gaslighting me into thinking I'm crazy.

Months went by, and we didn't see each other. I told my girls about old disagreements that they wouldn't remember. They also told us a few things they never mentioned that happened when they stayed over at my parents'.

On christmas, I sent them wishes and received a text saying that MY FAMILY abandoned them, and all we think about is money. I reminded her that it wasn't a problem, their behavior was.

Now it's been more than two years. I'm getting texts like ""wishing you peace and quiet and wisdom on how to be a good person."" I know that I should be better, but when they accused my doughter of lying, they crossed a line I didn't know existed.

My girls have their own apts now, working and studying. We meet once or twice a week for dinner or coffee. Looking at them, I don't know how my parents could ever draw this strange line between Frank and me.

I'm a grown man, have a family, a full health and a fulfilling job. The only thing I don't have is my parents' love. So, AITA for wanting that?"
452	363	adjudicated	TTA	"I (30f) started living with my boyfriend (36m) about a year and a half ago. Things have been pretty good except for this one thing. I know its not a huge problem but it is definitely something that annoys me.

Basically, I am not ever allowed to just do the laundry when I feel like it. I will run out of clothes after about a week and a day, and this is when I would like to wash everything. 

My boyfriend, on the other hand, is super anal about it. He wants to always make sure he washes what he is wearing that same day before starting the laundry himself. This means I'm not ever allowed to just wash the clothes because he will get upset that he wasn't able to throw in what he was wearing that day. 

When he washes clothes he never asks me if it's okay to wash it, yet he expects me to always ask him. I've talked to him about this before and about it bothering me, but he just said 'ok'. 

It annoys me because there are so many times when I've gone along with his wishes and I'd ask him if we can do laundry that day. He'll say yeah sure I'll do it later. And he just never starts the laundry. And this can go on for 2 or 3 days which pisses me off because I have to start pulling dirty clothes from the hamper to use again.

Well today I just took everything and washed the clothes. He came home and asked me if im washing, which I said yes and he said 'wtf I wanted to wash this' as he motioned to what he was wearing.

I told him I ran out of clothes to wear. I also told him I never complain to him when he does laundry whenever he wants, and that I have the right to do it whenever I want too. He said I'm selfish and inconsiderate and has been moody the rest of the night.

So, aita?"
248	314	adjudicated	TTA	"My husband and I are hosting a Christmas party this year. We, along with a lot of our friends, have kids so we decided it would be convenient for everyone to have childcare at the party. We have a great babysitter and were able to secure her for the night. Her rate for this event is a base rate of $30 an hour plus $5 per kid per hour. She will be bringing an assistant and they’ll be in a detached unit in our backyard. She’s going to supply toys and crafts for the kids. My husband and I will be paying her base rate and an additional $15 per hour for our kids. 

We told everyone that we’ll have childcare at the event and told everyone it’s $6 per kid per hour. We figured this way we can give our babysitter a nice tip at the end of the night and it’ll still be cheaper than hiring a babysitter. Then we started to get comments saying it was cheap and tacky to have guests pay at our party.

Now I'm starting to wonder if getting onsite childcare and expecting people to pay is a bad idea. AITA for asking guests to pay for childcare at our party?"
116	247	adjudicated	TTA	"My mum had the family cat I was extremely close with put down without giving me the chance to go over to say goodbye, we got that cat when I was a very young child and I've always had a really special relationship with her, she slept in my bed most nights, followed me everywhere around the house. My mother has acknowledged the bond I had with the cat, and how meaningful the cat was to me multiple times in the past and I ask about her constantly now that I'm not longer living with my parents. 

I live about six hours away now, my mum called me this morning to tell me the cat had been acting a bit strange and was taking her to the vet, I was worried but asked her to see what the vet said and keep me updated, I didn't hear anything bad until night at which point I texted and asked if she'd been to the vet yet and my mum replied that the cat has been put down. I responded with anger and confusion that I'm not very proud of, I'll list it here

That interaction: 

Mother: ""She's gone. She had kidney failure and it was time love. We were with her and it was peaceful. Xxx"" 
Me (I spammed them in short form):
What 
Why 
Why wouldn't you just wait one day? I would've come down 
I could've been there tomorrow how could you do this? 
I don't understand why you wouldn't just wait one day 
Mother: Any more of this? Vet agreed. Stop.

I stopped and took a walk, and haven't responded. I appreciate that I might come across poorly here but I had just heard the news, I regret replying at all in the moment and wish I had taken time but I don't know if it would help because to be honest It's been hours and I still feel nothing but bitterness, I just wanted to be able to say goodbye to my cat. 

I know she's not just my cat, I know my mum must be really sad over the loss as well, but she should be OUR cat, so why was I left so entirely out of the picture? At least my mum got the chance to be there when it happened and get closure.

I honestly don't know what to do, I'm so sad and angry but I don't want to jeopardize my relationship with my mother either. I just don't know how to resolve these feelings. My mother and stepdad are really angry with me and that's making me extremely anxious, a big part of me wants to just apologize to fix the relationship regardless of who was wrong. But I don't know if I can suck it up enough to do that right now. 

I don't expect anyone to read this to be honest, but if you do and it turns out I'm way out of line here, I do ask if you could deliver the news gently, I do promise to keep an open mind, I genuinely do not know if my feelings are valid and I'm in the right or not. I just wish I could've said goodbye to the fuzzy friend I've had for 15 years."
51	182	adjudicated	NAH	"Today I made a joke to a friend about the attractiveness of a teacher in our school. These are jokes we always make and its pretty common to hear girls in our school fake swooning over the staff. My boyfriend overheard and although obvious i was joking, he gave me the silent treatment . 

When he finally spoke again he said if he hears me say anything like that again he will start commenting on the female teachers in front of me. 

I felt bad but couldn’t understand why he was so upset as these people are at least triple our age and married. 

AITA for making this kind of joke?"
236	338	adjudicated	ESH	"My sister has four daughters, and for the past two years, she's been hyper focused on her second daughter's relationship with her boyfriend. The daughter, my niece, stared dating her boyfriend a while ago but her mother didn't find out until much later that her boyfriend is from a very wealthy and well known family. Not sure how she didn't know, but I suspect my niece didn't tell her this and my sister only found out after she met the boyfriend and found out whose son he is.

Ever since then, my sister is trying to manipulate and 'manage' her relationship to get her to push this guy into commitment. Telling her what to say to him, how to be with his family, etc. Then she gets mad when my niece does it her own way. 

She recently told my niece not to move in with him when he asked her if she would. My sister told her to tell him that she would only do so when they are engaged in order to push a commitment. My niece didn't do this and has agreed to move in with him without an engagement. My sister was berating her in front of me and I lost my cool and told her that she shouldn't train her daughter to be a social climber and that she herself was acting like one.

 We had an argument and she said she had her daughter's best interest in mind and that this guy clearly loved her a lot, so getting him to commit was in her best interests. We haven't talked much since. Anyway, my niece is lovely and mature, so I am confident that she'll make the right decisions independently. But was I an asshole towards my sister?"
488	214	adjudicated	YTA	"I (40) female began dating let’s call him H (40) male in early 2023. We met on a free dating site and even on his profile said he wasn’t sure what he was looking for. 

All the usual lies were told on both sides (as you do when trying to feel someone out) and despite some magenta flags we started hanging out abs things moved at a really fast pace.

About 3 months in our relationship, I realized that this wasn’t going to work but after getting out of an almost two decade marriage, I thought it was just me. I was so ready to travel and just be with someone that I paid for lavish gifts and trips be I saw we had both been in the dumps in the relationship department and I felt I deserved to travel and he was for all intents and purposes good company. 

However by the 6 month mark I was 100% sure this wasn’t what I wanted. So my friends have been asking me to just end it. I’m not good at breaking up so many of my friends have offered to do it for me, one friend went so far as to come by unannounced while she knew I was out running errands to catch him at my home by himself. 

I was angry with her for doing this and explained to her that I planned to wait until after the holidays… not for any gift giving/getting reasons, but he had a family member pass last Christmas and I just didn’t want him to have two bad holidays in a row. 

My friend who I am the godmother of her child has told me that my plan is childish and she’s refused to speak to me over the last two months. We normally do a Friendsgiving and I’m hosting but didn’t invite her because H will be there…

Am I the ass hole for trying to end my relationship on my terms?"
284	129	adjudicated	TTA	"Sorry if the English on this post isn't very good, it's not my first language.

So you'll first need a bit of backstory to fully understand the situation. 

Ever since my half brother (Steve) was born my stepdad (Bob) has been all over him. It's been very clear from the beginning that he just loves him more than me, and even his own blood daughter (Linda). And because of this steve gets away with everything. He can be annoying all day and he will not be punished. There are days that he only sits behind the tv all day, and he's only on the tv because his oculus was taken from him. You want to know why? Well because he spent €650 on games and the only punishment he got for that is having to refund all the games and lose his oculus for a month. And they couldn't even refund all the games so they lost more than €200. And there are many more stories like this but now onto the story the post is about.

So me, my mom, Steve, Linda and Bob were having dinner with Steve being annoying as usual. He was screaming, crying and scolding my mom and Bob. Because his new shoes were made out of a material that easily gets dirty and he couldn't wear them because they would get dirty and we wouldn't be able to clean them and these weren't cheap shoes no no they were jordans. So I asked my mom why they didn't just send them back and buy other shoes that wouldn't get ruined so easily. And her reason was because Steve got angry at her for suggesting that. And when that whole thing was finally settled he started to complain that he wanted to sleep over at some friends house. And that turned into a whole thing too. And after that was kinda settled my mom said to him: ""just go upstairs and take a shower"". And he got up and put his plate on the counter. When he should have put it in the dishwasher because that's what we always do. So after hes gone we sit around for a while and me and Linda get our own plates and put them in the dishwasher. And Bob just said ""you need to do the rest of the table as well"". And normally i would have just put my head down and done it. But today i just said absolutely not and just walked away. To the apparent shock of Bob and my mom. And they screamed at me to come back and clear the table. But I screamed back that Steve was being a complete asshole the entire time and he could just walk away, so why can't i? And now my parents are giving me  the silent treatment. So am i the asshole?"
208	478	adjudicated	TTA	"AITA for wanting my jacket back from someone checked into a mental hospital because of me?

I (25F) went through a breakup not a long ago and, while it was never an official relationship, we agreed to be exclusive. They (22NB) had never been in a monogamous relationship before and I wanted to make sure they could be with just one person before we got serious. I know it's super weird to be not in an official relationship but exclusive/monogamous but I promise it made sense at the time. 

WELP. The red flags kept piling up and after they spent the weekend with their friend/recent former hookup (and didn't tell me until afterwards) I got the ick and dumped their ass after like 2 months. And 10 minutes afterwards, I find out they cheated on me. It took like 10 days for them to cheat. And this is not the first time I've been cheated on. My HS bf cheated on me and I spent most of age 18 trying to keep him alive.

And this new is posting everywhere about how much they want to do things to themself that can not be posted about here and they even went to a psych hospital and of course posted all about it. 

When I initially confronted them the day after the breakup about the cheating, they said they'd return my jacket to a mutual(ish) friend (NB) (who was the one who told me about the cheating). 

A month has passed and I asked my friend about if the ex gave them my jacket back yet. They said no and they were too horrified my ex's behavior on social media to talk to them.

Well, I like that jacket and the idea of that someone who hurt me so badly having something I find comforting made my skin crawl so I had another friend, entirely uninvolved in the situation, emailing them requesting it be mailed to me.

Last night I tell friend 1 that I don't need their help anymore and why then they say ""oh I guess that's what the tweet was about"" I'm like 'the fuck????' and turns out shortly after the email was sent my ex tweeted ""When my friends say she's trying to disrupt my life rn but she's already the reason I checked myself into a mental hospital so life disrupted""

That tweet triggered the fucking hell out of me. I literally had to step away from a crowded room to go cry. I held back little to no anger towards them when I confronted them last month and now I am wondering was it wrong of me to compound their many issues as a means to the end of getting my jacket back. If my indifference to how my request impacted them was cruel. I don't think I'm the asshole but I just feel like such a monster right now. So AITA?

*Edit* They did mail me the jacket back. I got it Wednesday. The email and tweet were both Tuesday "
161	318	adjudicated	TTA	"A few months ago, my mother and I decided we would go on vacation to somewhere in Europe (I currently live in London), as you can sometimes pick up cheap tickets. She can only go via train or Eurostar due to fear of flying, so we were limited on where we could go. We realised that Eurostar tickets were far too expensive in November (when we originally planned to go), and decided to defer the vacation to Feb or March, where tickets are significantly cheaper. My mum even said she was looking forward to going in down season as it would be less busy.

I had 10 days of vacation time left at work that run out in December and can only carry over 5. Therefore, my friend and I planned a quick trip to somewhere in Europe in December (the flights where only £25 return each) as she was also in the same boat.

I mentioned it to my mother as I was quite excited, and she is now not talking to me. She called me selfish as ‘we could’ve gone somewhere in December’ and that I clearly deferred to Feb and March as I wanted to go away with my friend. This is not true as I booked with my friend after I agreed with my mum to go in Feb/March. She is now refusing to go on holiday with me at all.

I am honestly so confused as I don’t know what I’ve done wrong, and was hoping someone could enlighten me.

AITA?"
258	147	adjudicated	NAH	"Obviously you all need context.   
My kids are a son (14) a daughter (12) and a son (4).  
So America school system sucks, my kids each get 5 parent notes a year that are 'excused absents' then after 5 unexcused you get a truency note and have to show up in court.  
My older two have medical issues that can flair up and cause them to miss school along with just getting regular illnesses. Because of this, within the course of 2 months my daughter has already used up 3 parent notes while my son has only used 1.   
The school has only understood they may miss lots of school due to medical treatment but will not give them extra parent notes for flair ups. And I can't exactly just take my kid to the doc for every medical flair up that just requires some TLC. On top of that my daughter has white coat syndrome (phobia of doctors).   
So when my preschooler brought home a bad cold and passed it along I had no choice but to tell my daughter to suck it up, take some dayquil because you only have 2 parent notes left OR go to the doctor and get tested, because they will, for covid flu rsv and strep. She went to school with a mask really angry at me.  
My oldest son now has the cold and I've told him he can take a parent note if he wants but I urged him to go since he's missed a lot of schoool due to medical treatment. He still chose to stay at home. My daughter cant say asshole but she definitely thinks I'm being unfair.   
Am I the asshole?"
448	480	adjudicated	NAH	"Ok so this happened a few years ago. I was on my early twenties (33f now) was invited to dinner with my grandparents and aunt. I only got to see my grandparents once a year . Now at this time I was babysitting full time for my older sis who I've mentioned before I'm other posts. Sis had been trying to get a hold of me . Phone did not go off. My brother calls and said that there was an emergency and he was bringing over this kids. I said no I have plans . Sis was able to get in touch and I felt guilty because I said no to babysitting. I had called my aunt crying unsure of what to do because I felt guilty. I go to dinner but rush in order to relive my brother of babysitting duty. So AITA
Edit to add the emergency was youngest nephew had to be taken to the hospital and admitted to the psychiatrist ward. I don't know the full story ."
91	472	adjudicated	NAH	"Hello, I was at an open house today on a video call with my parents who couldn't be there in person. I had been there for a little while and the open house was ending. I was showing my parents the basement and saw a signed basketball around some of the other personal stuff boxed in the corner. I went to check it out (it was nothing too special) when a lady (not the relator or seller, maybe a seller's family member) calls out ""Are you shopping?"" from the stairs. No idea what she was talking about, I said ""No, just looking"". To which she said ""I saw you"". 

I was leaving and I heard her talking to the relator saying that I was looking through the boxes. (it was just the basketball) While also trying to talk to my parents I tried to tell them I was just looking at the basketball. I was told I was being intrusive, I said I didn't think of it that way, and immediately left. 

Should I have not looked at the ball? Probably just a misunderstanding? Maybe this is dumb but I overthink things :/"
332	35	adjudicated	NAH	"So I just started coaching chess. I've been shadowing different coaches for a little over a week. 

I'm rated 1900-2050 in online rapid. This 70+ year old coach I met asked me how many classes I was doing and apparently it's way more than he's doing. 

So he asked me how long I've been working with the company and I told him. 

Of course then he doesn't understand how I'm getting so many classes. I tell him I'm sure it's probably because I'm rated around 2000 online. [he's rated just above 1000 online]

Anyway, the dude starts acting like he's jealous and acting weird towards me because I get to teach more classes than him even though he said he's been working with them less than a month longer than me and even if I was barely above comatose, I could beat him 99 times out of 100 with ease. 

He then proceeds to ask me my opinion of his game and give him tips. We spend over half an hour looking at the position where I tell him three times he's overcomplicating things and he just continues to say what he thinks about the position anyway. 

Eventually I tell him that I could be wrong, I'm not always right and that it's ultimately his game and he can just do what he wants and there's no issue with that. 

Of course he said, ""No, no, no, you're a strong player I value your opinion.""

Then another fifteen minutes pass just like the last over half an hour. 

I also tried to ease the tension at the end by saying that I drive really far for the classes so they're probably trying to make it worth my time. 

He then proceeds to tell me the $75 an hour I make by itself isn't worth it. I could have mentioned that I'm also getting private tutoring pay and I'm getting more classes closer to home next semester, but I let it go. 

As I left it was super awkward and he was basically giving me the stink eye. 

Hopefully I never have to see this ignorant dude again but I mean from the situation the way I described it, did I do anything overtly wrong? 

Sometimes I'm bad at talking to people so any outside perspectives could be helpful."
226	244	adjudicated	YTA	"I (34F), have been living with my boyfriend (34M) for 10 years. Our female dog is about to get her period and has outgrown her old washable diapers. I was so proud of my boyfriend for thinking ahead and ordering new, larger ones before we actually need them. (He usually procrastinates necessary tasks for weeks-months). 

He went on Amazon and asked me what her old diaper size was. I was in the middle of doing something, so I told him he could just look it up in our past orders. He was able to find the answer, and then went ahead and made the purchase.

I just finished checking the tracking to see when our package is coming in and noticed that he spent more than what I thought it would cost for them. So I go back into the past orders and find the original diapers we had purchased (which were great quality btw) and they are half the price and have plenty of styles in stock! Now I get upset, because  why are we spending double when we do not need to? Literally $36 more and receive less items. 

I get so upset, I wake him up out of bed (mind you, it’s 11:30 AM and he went to sleep at 3 AM) and he’s like “I searched through Amazon, where are you finding this? All of the prices are the same”. So I let him know, it’s from the same seller we had used for her other diapers. His response “I didn’t click into it and see the price, I just checked the size and plus I wouldn’t think an item we purchased from that long ago would still be a low price or even in stock”. I express my frustration of “why is it that if I don’t do it, it doesn’t get done correctly” and then he’s just going off about how I’m acting ridiculous and that it’s just $36 dollars and we can return them and get the others, since it bothered me so much. 

Sure that’s a solution, but it still doesn’t change the fact that he doesn’t care about spending unnecessary $ and if I’m not the one handling the task then I can’t expect for it to be done the “right” way. So, AITA?"
496	270	adjudicated	YTA	"me (f15) and my sister (f18) are, or were, very close. we spend all of our time together and talk pretty much 24/7, and we have about a million matching accounts and projects together and such, though we don't live in the same house. 

yesterday i was going to post some pictures to show off my new haircut and nails, and i sent them to her to see before i posted them. one of the pictures was from the shoulders up and two were of my whole body and my stomach was showing. i've been overweight my whole life and just recently lost enough weight to be healthy, and i worked very hard to have a waist that is small and i'm proud of. she recently lost weight too, but she did it by not eating and i did it by actually working out.

anyways she told me it was weird that i posted so many photos of my stomach (i had done it twice before) and asked me why i did it. i explained that i was proud of my hard work and wanted to show it off but she still argued that i shouldn't do it. here's where i think i might be the asshole. i told her that i wouldn't expect her to understand because she's been relatively thin her whole life and she wouldn't understand how it is to feel proud of yourself for losing weight because she just lost weight with an eating disorder and that she's never worked for anything in her life. we stopped talking then and around 2 am she texted me that she was going to sleep and i just said ok. 

when i woke up in the morning she had blocked me on everything and when i checked her account with a burner account i found she'd made a post saying i was awful and that she was better off without me and didn't care about me anymore. 

so aita?

edit: i feel like i should specify i had bulimia for a long time and her not eating is caused by chronic nausea (which i also have) and meds "
467	313	adjudicated	TTA	"I know Reddit loves dogs (as everyone does) so hit me with the YTA if you think it. I prefer the brutal honesty as both me & my partner are autistic (so emotions & disagreements are not our strong point) & Reddit has helped me before.

My partner has a Japanese Akita (a big dog, to put it into context, he told me her breed is used to hunt bears or something) & he works away a lot (I do not currently work as I have a chronic illness/disability). Since we moved in together about a year & a half ago, he has handed all responsibility for the dog to me (apart from walking her when he is home). 

I didn’t mind this at first, as I love dogs & I love her & she is usually well behaved but she can be unpredictable (we do not let her near other dogs because she can be aggressive & she is so strong, she can pull you over). 

Over the past 9 months, I have deteriorated & had a few conversations with my partner about him taking over more of her care (e.g. I have tried to ask that as well as having her on a leash, we muzzle her for everyone’s safety). I always get the same response -“You have to train her” or “you have to be more stern” or “you spoil her” but I honestly don’t have the energy to retrain her when I’m this ill. & when I have tried to be stern (she isn’t allowed upstairs, so I told her to go down but she wasn’t listening, so I gave her a nudge with my hand) she has now tried to bite me twice (she weighs the same as me & I am only 5 foot).

I feel bad asking him to take more responsibility because he works full time (I still pay half of everything but this is the first time I have never had a job, so I know I should be able to handle all the household jobs) but I’m genuinely scared that if I walk her, she could attack another dog or if I look after her, she could attack me.

I’m thinking of asking my partner to ask his parents to look after the dog (they have experience looking after big dogs) when he stays away & to take full responsibility for looking after the dog when he is here, so I don’t have to do anything for the dog. Would that be terrible of me? As I knew he had the dog when we got together (I just didn’t know how temperamental she was - she’d never went for me before we moved in together). I don’t want him to get rid of the dog because I would hate having to put him & her through rehoming her but I’m willing to stay upstairs (I’m mostly bedbound anyway) & out of her way so that I don’t accidentally push her buttons when he is here with her. & I don’t want him to have to change the job he loves doing by not being able to travel."
85	90	adjudicated	YTA	"My bud (Adam) (early 30s) has wanted marriage for years. He's worked all kinds of jobs (some he hated) to be self-sufficient, even dabbling in overemployment to make take ends meet after layoffs.

WIBTA for suggesting to Adam to postpone marriage until Eve's in a better mental place?

Adam and Eve look forward to their upcoming wedding, but Eve's in an increasingly bad state and won't help herself. From the outside it looks like she is depressed. 

  

  
Adam's longtime gf/fiance (Eve)(early 30s) took a while to finish her PHD (\~2 years during COVID) and struggled to finish it. Eve did not want marriage (up until 30s).
  

  
While Eve graduated, when people usually apply for jobs, she decided to take time off, post-grad. Ok, some people do that for mental health, but her goal is to be a professor, so possibly not the smartest tactic, given the competitiveness. Her choice.
  

  
Eve also lost a parent in the pandemic (a bit after graduating), and had to step up helping family (most long distance, all adults) with the funeral.
  

  
Over a year later, Eve sleeps in late, watches a lot of TV and refuses to get a job, or even look for one. She has dozens of excuses why she can't: her friends in the same major were just lucky; or she was the victim (but most of her papers fell through). She's done nothing to keep herself marketable (any gap work for her resume, volunteer)... just a lot of self pity.
  

  
She and Adam (mostly WFH) share a lot of chores, but Adam often ends up cooking or washing dishes, because of Eve being tired (probably depression).
  

  
Eve also doesn't like to leave her flat since COVID. And she has become too faced whenever Adam wants to go out with friends, family, for hobbies. She says yes, then gets angry when he goes out. She also tries to steer Adam towards hanging out with only her PHD friends.
  

  
Eve's also very gender woke due to her major and time at Uni and still has ivory tower thinking that women should not have to work if they don't want to: why should people have to take jobs they don't want ??? SAHG stuff, but yet, she still wants Adam to work 2+ jobs to completely financially support her, her friend???, her fur babies, and her student loans.
  

  
Adam sees a therapist because of increased stress, but while Eve has acknowledged she's not in her best state, she refuses to go to therapy ""before their wedding."" She says it's to save money. But she pouts when she can't travel because of the wedding budget. She complains about costs, says she's an independent woman, but still expects to be 100% financially dependent on Adam.
  

  
Adam loves Eve, but she refuses to change. She even promised six months ago to look for part time work and now has dropped that completely, because applying is ""exhausting.""
  

  
Adam is really looking forward to being married, but it doesn't seem wise to enter a marriage in a progressively strained relationship.
  

  
WIBTA for suggesting to Adam to postpone marriage until Eve's in a better mental place?"
387	14	adjudicated	TTA	"I’ll try to summarize, but the end of this summer my girlfriend got her dream job out of the country, and asked if I wanted to move with her.  (Weren’t living together at the time) I had no job connections but struggled and managed to get a job. We’ve both had commitment issues in the past (myself more so) but this was an exciting and new step for us to give it a shot. You need a work permit applied for AND COMPLETED to even enter this country. We gave our two weeks at our jobs and payed for a deposit in the new place in preparation for moving. Long story short, I submitted my work permit and it was cleared before hers, even though she submitted hers months before me. Turns out she thought she filled a temporary like me when she really did a longer year permit (takes months to process)
I need to go and begin work to make enough & to pay the rent on our place, but she feels upset for me leaving her and arriving before her. She offered to pay for both our shares of the rent if money is the issue and I could wait in the US (we’d still be living apart)
Am I the asshole for going and beginning work without her?"
397	337	adjudicated	NAH	"I've worked all kinds of places, so retail isn't new to me. But this situation is. Every job I've had, the Date Book was there for you to write in when you won't be at work and work gives you the day off. No if's, and's, or but's because that the date you're putting in. I work two jobs, one is more of a career, while my second, the one I'm questioning, is a mall job for odds and ends money. If my first job has me go out of town for a day, weekend, week, I write it in the  book.

Now to this job. It started off as a Date Book, same as any job I've had. But due to ""the Holidays"" it's being treated as a ""request book"" because the manager wants ""all hands on deck"" for the holidays. All hands CANNOT be on deck, because this weekend, I'm going out of town, and not next week, but the week after that, I'm going out of town. I go out of town for my first job like 3 times a year, these are two of the three times almost back to back. I get that's not ideal, it's not ideal for me, think of the jetlag and traffic (I'm driving out of town as it's cheaper) When I was hired, everyone, including the manager, knew about my first job and their requirements, and I was still hired.

So now to the problem at hand. I'm basically being told to pick which job I care for more, because I was put on the schedule for a day I'm out of town for my other job and am now being guilted by my manager when I brought it up, saying that she's ""working with the requests as best she can"" and ""trying to find more people so we don't just have FOUR employees"" But these are the same things she's been saying FOR MONTHS now, and we're STILL a four person team.

I don't dislike the job or anything, and if the schedule was handled properly, I'd even stay. But I'm having mixed feelings. I'm getting threatened with write-ups and getting fired, but all in all, I CAN'T BE AT TWO PLACES AT ONCE. I don't want to leave and just leave everyone short staffed and picking up the pieces, but I don't want to be disrespected, guilted, and threatened over something they knew about before they even hired me. WIBTA if I quit my second job? Thus leaving them shorthanded and picking up the pieces? Or should I just stick it out and deal with the disrespect, guilt, and threats because I don't want to leave them in a shitty place like that? "
202	245	adjudicated	NAH	"Me(M27) and my GF (F30) just had this conversation again. It always starts with me getting a beer from the fridge or maybe grabbing a gin and tonic at the end of my week. Singular. It's rare that I drink a second beer.

She either complains verbally or I get judging looks from the side. It's not that she's against alcohol in general or me drinking it. She drinks plenty herself when we are on a party or with friends. But as soon as I drink an alcoholic beverage on a normal stay-at-home night she dislikes it. Goes on about how I should be wary of not becoming an alcoholic. 

Imo I'm very far away from becoming one. I have zero addictions. I don't smoke, I don't take any drugs, no pills, nothing. Never had an addiction either. Her personal experience with alcoholics is almost zero as well so there is no underlying trauma for those that would think that. 

I have no idea why she would think that I am in danger of becoming one. I understand that her intentions are of good Nature but it is still very annoying and it starts to irritate me. If I want to drink a beer (and it's a damn tasty one too) I want to drink it without feeling guilty. And if I had a really long day and fix me a drink to wind down a bit, that is fine as well imo. 

I don't crave it, I don't need it but I want it cause I like it. 

Anyway, right now she doesn't talk to me because I almost got angry at her. (We don't really fight that often and never shout at each other so that is the peak of conflict if it's not a fight.) 

So AITA for getting almost angry and refusing to apologize for it?

EDIT: It's not a control issue. There are no other instances of her controlling me, if it's anyone it's me that tends to be in control. It's just that somehow the belief that ""alcoholism starts with a casual beer"" got cemented into her brain. "
152	45	adjudicated	TTA	"For context: My (28f) brother (37m) have been LC since he showed up on my doorstep with barely a 2 day notice, starting that he was staying at my place for the weekend with his kids and his wife. The last time we spoke prior to that incident, he was talking about divorce.
I've been struggling with a second tumor on my arm, anemia, and depression, so my house was not up to par. I brought up that it was really short notice, and he just kept telling me that he didn't even know they were going to be staying at my place, I was all they had, and wouldn't even tell me their arrival time. When I complained I had no idea when they were going to show, they just told me to either leave the doors unlocked or leave the keys outside so they could just come in while I was sleeping. The entire time, I struggled cleaning as much as I could after 4 pets and with one arm.
When they finally showed at 2AM, my brother just complained that the house wasn't clean enough, and angry that I didn't have everything made up for them. I went to bed with their boys screaming how they hate my house and didn't want to be there.
The next morning, they packed up and left for breakfast, and I woke up to an empty house. My brother came back afterwards to chew me out that my home was a health hazard, that I was letting myself go, and asking what was wrong with me for letting them stay in such conditions. They went to my mom's house, and she chewed him out for not being considerate of my medical issues.
After my surgery, my brother called me to check in. I updated him on my treatment plan (my tumor was cancerous), and also told him that I did not appreciate that he was being entitled about staying at my house. I let him know that I did not want him at my house when he and his family visit anymore, unless he follows 2 rules: give me a week notice, and ask if it's okay to stay at my house. He did not appreciate that.
He was angry that I didn't tell him it wasn't okay right away, and that he and his wife only find out if they were visiting the week of because of her schedule. I asked how his wife gets her schedule, and he told me that she gets her schedule for the whole year in advance. He also kept saying ""I'm sorry it seemed that way to you"" when it came to addressing the entitled attitude, and that since our dad, sister, and I apparently don't want him there, he'd do the adult thing and rent a hotel room.
My mom has since asked if I wanted to visit his house for the holidays, but I think it'd be uncomfortable after our last conversation. She's also saying I'd be TA for creating bad blood. AITA?
Tldr: I don't want to visit my older brother after he reached negatively to me setting boundaries."
285	420	adjudicated	NAH	"...to my nieces mom. I'll try to keep this short. My niece is 8 years old and lives FT with her mom. Sometimes I pick her up and the few times I have, my niece has been dirty. Or just...unkempt. The last time I picked her up, she was dirty, her hair was a mess, her clothes were soiled, and she had shoes on that were 2 sizes too big for her. Sometimes she smells. She gets out of the car, no overnight/weekend bag, no toiletries-nothing. My family buys her clothes and sends some of them back, so we know she has things. The I try not to say bad things, but my niece says she cooks for herself and her brother (he's younger) and helps him get ready for school. That makes me angry because I feel like her mom is neglectful- her mom doesn't work but obviously smokes pot (the car smelled like it when they opened the door), so there's no reason she can't care for her kids. 

WIBTA if I sent her a text asking her to make sure my niece is clean and groomed, with clean clothes and things the next time she visits?"
318	370	adjudicated	NAH	I (23M) asked a girl the night before if she wanted to get some coffee at a café next to our class building. I asked if 9:30 AM was good, she said perfect. Meet you at 9:30. The next day I get there at 9:20 and I wait till about 9:35 and she still hasn’t showed up, I assumed she had flaked, overslept, or just completely forgot. I ended up grabbing my coffee and went to class, and she showed up to class about 5 minutes after. Later I found out she had been waiting in the library for me to text her to let her know that I was at the cafe. When she didn’t see me at the meeting spot, she thought that I forgot about meeting her for coffee, and saw me in class 5 minutes later drinking coffee at my desk. I showed up at the agreed meeting time but she assumed I would text her to let her know I was there. Am I the asshole?
222	36	adjudicated	ESH	"Throwaway My (21f) bf “Jake” (26m) and I have been together nearly a year. We decided early on to keep our own places until we decide to start seriously considering marriage. In the meantime we just visit each other through the week and have sleepovers on weekends. 

Jake has 2 cats. Fluffy and adorable and I love them. Obviously they shed a lot. I personally don’t have pets because of my apartment but when I did as a child it was always ingrained in me to not have them in certain spaces. 

Jake lets them into the kitchen on counters and everything. If he’s cooking and one of them “tastes” it he just shoos them away and doesn’t remake the dish. I don’t wanna tell him how to run his house but I have made a few comments about him not remaking something or suggesting training them to not be in the kitchen. He always laughs it off and says it’s not a big deal but said he would try to keep them out if it makes me that uncomfortable. 

Yesterday I was at his place since he made dinner. I arrived after everything was plated and it looked great. A few bites in I noticed a cat hair. I tried not to make a big deal and pushed some of my food around which uncovered more hair. I made an excuse of it being that hungry but assured him I enjoyed dinner. 

He teased me and said “it’s not that bad. See the cats like it!” and let one of his cats lick his fork which he continued to eat off of. I was disgusted said I had cramps and went home. 

He’s been texting me all day so I finally told him the real reason I left and that I don’t feel comfortable eating at his place anymore. I said he can either come to mine or we can go out. Then he said if I wouldn’t accept his cats then we should rethink our relationship. I don’t even know how we got here. AITA?"
470	276	adjudicated	YTA	"My sister had a nespresso machine at her house. Then her and her coworkers went in on one for their office. Nespresso accidentally sent her two so she got the extra one for free. When she said she got one for free I said hey I’ll take it! But she wanted one for at her boyfriends house because she stayed there whenever she didn’t have her kids. She told me I could have it once they moved in together which was their plan for a year later. It was mentioned at some point that she would want money for it which whatever. I was fine paying her fifty bucks or something. 

Fast forward a year and she moves in with her boyfriend. My husband went to their house one day and she sent the nespresso machine back with him. We didn’t talk about how much I owed her and that was three months ago. We’ve used it. Yesterday she Venmo requested me 120 dollars for it. I looked on Facebook marketplace and found three the exact same for 50-75. 

AITA if I say I’ll pay her 75? She got it for free.. 

Three years ago (before this shit bf of hers) this would have never been an issue so sometimes I fall into the trap of thinking we have the relationship we used to have where we treat each other fair and can easily communicate about things. I should have asked how much I owed her and she should have told me how much she wanted before giving it to me. But here we are."
327	242	adjudicated	NAH	"My younger sister is finishing up her last year of college and is living at home, so our parents are still very active in managing her social life, compared to me who lives out of state. Her birthday is coming up (this Sunday) and my mom texted me today asking where her present from me was. I told her that I was not giving her a present this year, since the previous three years (when she was 18+ and theoretically adult), she has not gotten me any presents for my birthday, or Christmas, and has never thanked me for the presents I've sent her. Now that we are both solidly adults, I plan to treat my relationship with her like my relationships with my friends and peers - you get in what you put out. My mom is pissed because she says my sister is too busy to shop for presents, and that with our age gap, my sister sees me more as a parental figure than a sibling, so why would she get me a present? But I've been telling my sister for years that she should also be buying our mom and dad presents independently, and that it's an important sign of respect. 

Also, it's not like my sister is going to notice the missing present from me. She's notorious for waiting a super long time to even open presents (she didn't open her Christmas presents until mid-January this year) and she doesn't keep track of her things either, she's constantly losing stuff. So I think she won't notice, or she will notice, and realize that she needs to make more of an effort to connect with me if she wants presents. Is this an asshole move?"
422	482	adjudicated	YTA	"Okay so hey guys I just need your help if I should apologize or not. Today when I was in design technology, this kid named james was using the piro pen on his wooden bat  and he was meant to spell cook but instead he wrote coock so when I looked at it I immediately started laughing and was mocking him for spelling cook wrong. ( He always makes fun of my height and make fun of my appearance.) Anyway, after that he looked really sad and my other friend athena who was on the other side of him took me away to a corner and told me he had dyslexia. I was shocked and I didn't know what to do so I just walked away so now I feel really bad but I didn't know he had dyslexia. 
Am I the asshole?"
445	492	adjudicated	TTA	"I, (14F) was sick around the time this happened. My mom (53F) said that she was getting worried since I starting to lose more and more weight. My dad (54M) heard this and cheered, saying “Finally!“ He has made several comments in the past of how much “prettier” I would look if I lost weight, how much boys I could attract if I’m skinnier, urging me to eat less during mealtimes, and whenever I get extra servings he’ll comment about it.

I’m only 60kg. I used to just ignore him but at this point I was just pissed so I yelled at him saying ”How much of a failure of a parent do you have to be when you’re happy that your own daughter is losing weight in such an unhealthy way?” He got hurt by me, understandably so.

My sister is on my side, while my mom defends my dad and is mad at me. I do admit that I went too far and I didn’t mean it, and i’ll definitely apologize, but I’m so tired of constantly being nagged for my weight when i’m not even overweight. AITA?

Edit: For clarification, I’m 5ft/155cm, so I do admit that I look a bit chubby."
203	165	adjudicated	NAH	"I, (M 13) have a little sister  (M 10), I'm an artist and she keeps stealing my art supplies without asking for my permission, I'm sick and tired of her doing it, she went too far by taking my skethcbook and making drawings all over the cover, she said that it was ""art"" in a sarcastic manner to save herself, I'm honestly sick and tired of it, I try not to lose my temper over something stupid like this but I was at my limit, my mom took my sister's side saying that it's just ""art supplies"" and my dad just laughed when I showed him what she did to my skethcbook, my sister is my moms favourite child, we never really got along because of jealousy, anyway I got off topic, I think I need to mention that I'm autistic and don't like my stuff being touched or held and it just stresses me out too much, I when I yelled at her, I was in the kitchen in the middle of some chores and writing down a recepie, I had my pouch on the counter since I needed a pen from it (I keep all of my art stuff in it), my sister walks up to me and asks for my stuff, I say no, she says that I have to give it to her since I ""Used her crayons"" like.. 4-5 years ago 💀, I was at my limit, I was dealing with cramps, chores and I was sleepy which caused me to lose my temper, I finally yelled at her ""I told you not to touch my stuff and that's where it ends"" I honestly regret it, I didn't want to yell at her but she just wouldn't understand, I'm honestly so scared right now, my mom said that I'm ""insane"" and to ""calm down"" but I fucking can't, not after she overstepped my boundaries multiple times. I think I also need to mention that anger issues run in my family and that I'm trying to better myself lol."
217	225	adjudicated	TTA	"My fiance, David, and I are starting to make big decisions for our future wedding. I want my older siblings to be groomsman and bridesmaid's along side or best friends and all of my parents (mom, dad, step mom, step dad) to be in the wedding party. David's mom will be walking him down the aisle and his younger siblings will be ring bearers and flower girls. However, I don't want his step dad, Jon, to be invited to the wedding at all.  Before you call me a b*tch for having such a harsh rule, I have more than enough reason for this request. David and I have been together for a few years and Jon has never been supportive. He's a major narcissist and never liked David having a girlfriend because it took time away from using him to work on their vehicles and such. A few months in, I started to see how negatively David's step father treated him and I wasn't going to stand back and watch Jon control him to the point of sacrificing his grades in school. I told David that he needed to stand up for himself and he agreed, but you can imagine how Jon responded. He resented me so much, he did everything in his power to interfere with my relationship. Taking away David's privacy, ""grounding"" David from seeing/speaking to me, etc. But that's not even the worst of it: when Jon found out I was bisexual, all hell broke loose. Jon is one of the most homophobic people I've ever met and he made it abundantly obvious. He belittled me, degraded David for being with me, accused me of turning his son gay, and even banned me from their house - threatening to have me arrested if he saw my car enter their neighborhood again - but I said nothing because I didn't want to make things worse for David. Fast forward a little and, despite his mother's efforts to fix things, David gets kicked out on his 18th birthday. He comes to live with me at my dad's house until we leave to find our own place a couple towns over. He keeps his distance with his parents and only calls his mom to check on his brothers. Something else to note is that he's extremely racist on top of being homophobic and we will have many queer people and people of color present. Now do you see why I don't want him at our wedding? Well, in recent months, Jon has become kinder to David and more tolerant of me. He is still racist, homophobic, and rude asf, but because he's started changing his attitude towards us, David is having second thoughts about Jon's absence from the wedding. I'm standing my ground on keeping him uninvited - I would rather not have a bigotted white man who casually drops the hard R and F slur at our wedding - but David wants me to reconsider as he thinks his mother might make a big deal of it. Note: Jon (as well as David's mother) has yet to be informed that he is not invited to the wedding. So... AITAH?"
159	60	adjudicated	TTA	"I 19F got an argument with my dad recently for telling him my step father is a better father than he is. For context my dad is a workaholic man and doesn't find time to spend with me for the past  and when my mom found out that he is cheating on her with a woman he met online she divorced him immediately . She met my  step father 2 years later and they were inseparable since then. He himself has a daughter 10 years younger than me and when he met me he spends time with me like a dad that i craved all this . Fast forward to when my father found out that my mother found someone else he was beyond pissed at my mother and me for not telling him. He argued with my mother and ask if he was a great in bed and i got pissed at him for asking my mom that when he is the one cheated on her so, in the midst of the argument he ask me if my step father was a better father and i answered him ""Yes,he was a better father than you. He made me feel what child with father feels like."" He got mad at me and stormed out. I got carried away when I answered him that and I don't know what to do. So am i the asshole?"
98	438	adjudicated	YTA	"At the time of this story I was about 13, and my cousin was 14. The hous ewas structured with a large back room that connected tobthe kitchen, living room, and our shared room. The tv would shine towards us but anywhere past the tv cabinet at night would be pitch black. My cousin and I watched the exorcism of Emily Rose. For those who don't know the movie, its a horror movie that delves into the theory of possession vs depression and psychology. 

I got up to go to the bathroom, and while I was gone, I guess she went to grab a drink. I got back before her, and my evil 13 year old gremlin self had the most evil idea. I rolled an old yoga ball we had at the time into our shared room, and i waited in pitch black behind the bedroom door so she wouldn't see me. She got back, and I waited for her to sit and get comfy, then started the psychological terror. I started with simple little taps against the wall and keeping in mind: the hoise was older. It creaked at night wed hear tapping from possums scurrying around in the roof, and I heard her say 'what the fuck?', so I paused so she didnt come check. Once she settled down again, I started tap tap tapping again, then stopped. At this point, shes freaking out, but she can't tell if it's old house noises or if it's her imagination. Well, this next part I didn't mean to happen. I positioned myself just out of sight in the doorway of our room, yoga ball at the ready. My idea was just to gently push it so it would roll out *slowly*. Well, I guess I pushed it harder than I thought because that ball went FUCKING FLYING, and god knows how Mum and Dad didn't hear her because the sound she made was of sheer terror, shrill with fear. She shouts ""WHAT THE FUCK?!?!?!?"" And proceeds to duck into the corner between the lounge and wall, well away from our bedroom door, bawling her eyes out in absolute terror. 

I feel guilty at this point because I didn't actually mean to send the ball flying like that and duck my head out to see if she's ok. ""Was that you?!"" She asked me, her cheeks puffy and eyes red with tears streaming down her face, and I just nodded with my evil little gremlin laugh. ""Fuck you!"" She shouted at me, turned off the movie, and she slept on the lounge that night.

So reddit, AITA?"
156	3	adjudicated	ESH	"My husband sprung a very sudden trip on us to visit his family in his native country. He moved to USA two years ago so we could marry and start our lives together. 

Now I didn't feel this trip was a good idea because we have been trying to move out of my family home, and things have been tough. He was very upset when I was hesitant and I could see this was very important to him and we started to look at plane tickets and making arrangements for time off. 

Here is the problem I bring you today. He doesn't want his family to know anything about us coming. He wants to surprise them so bad and I am mortified at the idea of flying over for two weeks across the ocean and not tell our hosts that we are coming! 

Our flight is tomorrow and I really want to tell his family but im so scared of him being angry with me and holding it against me in the future. 

His own mom has asked him if he is coming to please tell her and he straight lied to her. He even shouted at his sister when she started to grow suspicious because we have been asking about gifts for them. He yelled at her to make sure she wouldn't think we are coming. I know he would be mad at me. 
On the other hand I think it will be so rude and inconsiderate of us to go without giving his family a heads up. 

Would I be the A wife if I tell them?"
368	200	adjudicated	NAH	"A few days ago I (NB, 22) awoke to my brother ""Daniel"" (FTM, 26) loudly explaining to our other sibling ""Charlie"" (NB, 31) that he had a panic attack at work, and was sent home early. Seeing our mom was still sleeping, I quickly walked over and warned him he was gonna wake her up. She has chronic issues with sleep. I said nothing about waking me up, since at that point I didn't really care I just wanted to make sure he was okay. 

He got quieter but still explained the full story- that he's been having nightmares, it was super busy in a small space, and it got to be too overwhelming. He then went to the backroom, where he burst out crying and hyperventilating. This was the first time he'd been able to cry for months due to a medication side effect. His boss and 2 coworkers came in, one blaming himself for asking Daniel to do something with customers, and Daniel assured them that it was unrelated to the workplace. I suspect it may be because of a recent situation with our transphobic grandmother, but I have no proof of that. They asked him if he needed to go home, and he said yes. 

Daniel has a history of depression and and anxiety, though it's gotten better since he transitioned and we moved away from his abusive ex. It got very bad in particular once, years ago, when he ran away threatening harm to himself and police were called for his own safety.

About a month ago, I also had a panic attack, after a trigger from a recent trauma. Charlie found me first, then Daniel came in later as I was calming down. I was planning on telling our mom myself, cuz she had to know not to do the triggering thing. However, Daniel and Charlie told her by text right after it happened. When I questioned this to her, she got a confused look on her face and said ""Of course they did."" This gave me the impression that we were supposed to tell her.

So, I waited until our mom woke up and told her about Daniel's panic attack. He later got mad at me for telling her, saying it was not my business to share. AITA?

Edit: Fine with being called TA, but I want to make something real clear: This was NOT a revenge scenario. I was thinking of his safety, not getting back at him for telling. That literally never even crossed my mind."
276	386	adjudicated	NAH	"My boyfriend and I recently moved in together. We kept his bed and sold mine because my mattress was only a couple months old, and ended up selling it his old roommates for $500. The whole bed cost me over $2000 and I included my new pillows and frame. After we moved in together and sold the bed, we found bed bugs in my couch and my bf offered to have them inspect my old bed, which was now in his old living space, for safety. The exterminators could not find any. Prior to this, I have had zero signs of bugs anywhere on my stuff and would never have sold the mattress if I even suspected it might have them. We treated our house for $2400, but my bf went back to his old house and checked the bed again, finding a small trace of bugs in the frame. He offered to pay for the same treatment for the basement he lived in (where the old bed was) because we still are not sure where they came from. The treatment heats the house up and is supposed to kill them all, but they decided to throw the bed away entirely anyway. His old roommates never talked to me about anything, but he said last night they complained that I haven’t offered to refund them. I feel like my bf offering to pay for the extermination process is a fair trade, but maybe I’m wrong. 

AITA for not offering to refund his friends for a bed I sold them?"
150	5	adjudicated	TTA	"So, last night, I went out with my coworkers, and my boyfriend tagged along. We kicked things off at a brewery and later headed to a pool hall before dinner. At the pool hall, my boyfriend was already a couple of drinks in and started chatting with my coworkers about music. When one of them mentioned she liked EDM, he started teasing her about her taste in music, which forced her to defend her preferences. He thinks that he has the best music taste and everything else is terrible, pretty much.

&#x200B;

Later at dinner, he had a few more drinks and got into a conversation with a different coworker, whose boyfriend is in a local band, about music. He pretty much interrogated her about her music preferences, and then asked her if she even liked her boyfriend's band. I thought that was rude. I wouldn't talk to his coworkers this way.The whole situation left me feeling super embarrassed.

&#x200B;

This morning, I decided to talk to him about it. I told him that his behavior had made me uncomfortable and that it was visibly affecting my coworkers. He didn't take it well and just shut down.I tried to let it go, but he spent the next 6 hours not saying a word to me. Eventually, I couldn't take the silence anymore, so I asked him if he was feeling uncomfortable, mad, hungover, or just tired because he'd been so quiet ever since I brought up the issue. He responded by saying that I'd hurt his feelings. I told him that he embarassed me, and he said that he didn't care if my coworkers thought that he was being too much and that I hurt his feelings, then told him that sometimes we might hurt each other's feelings, and then he ended the conversation by saying, ""You wonder why I won't propose to you."" 🫠

&#x200B;

Now we're back to not talking, and I'm left wondering if I'm the asshole.

\*EDIT: Formatting  


Update: I hear everyone. Doing some re-evaluating. "
428	263	adjudicated	NAH	"I know the title sounds WRONG but I swear it’s innocent. I’m 23 and I’ve been with my boyfriend, also 23, for almost two years. I have an ex(23m) who I dated for 10 months three years ago and before that he was one of my close friends. Because of how we knew each other, we share the same close friends and often do group activities for every occasion. 

My boyfriend doesn’t know my ex well because obviously there wasn’t a need to. The dynamic between my ex and I is Very platonic. I know I can’t use that word if I had a romantic relationship with someone but I genuinely feel like that’s the best way to describe it. He has his own gf and we literally have no feelings for each other. It’s still amicable though. My friends and I are Always going out for big holidays or occasions like birthdays, Christmas etc. And my ex and I are always present with everyone else. We literally don’t talk about inappropriate things or anything that would be disrespectful to our partners. Trust me, it’s “platonic”. My bf doesn’t like this. He thinks I should phase him out of my life. He wants my friends to choose between my ex or I but I feel like that’s an unfair thing to ask because they’re also his best friends? I’m not going to uninvite myself from a big plan just because my ex is going to be there like what? I don’t care if he’s present or not, I’m trying to have fun with my friends and so is he. At the same time I get exactly where my bf is coming from and how he’s feeling, because nobody wants their partner to hang out with their ex. 

Today he was out with his friends doing Halloween activities. I was working and didn’t have much to do after work. My friends called me over to pumpkin carve with them and watch spooky movies, but it was at my exes home. All my friends are hanging out, my bf is also out, I get major FOMO. So I guess this is where I messed up but I went to his house. With my entire friend group also present and we just carved pumpkins. Wholesomely. My bf did NOT appreciate this. He is angry that I was stupid to even go to my exes home and that I don’t “think critically”. I honestly understand where he’s coming from because I wouldn’t appreciate if he did that either. But at the same time he doesn’t know our group dynamic or the dynamic between my ex and I at all. I’ve never given him any sort of indication to feel jealous towards my ex or feel betrayed because I genuinely couldn’t care less about what my ex is up to. 

I know I messed up. Bad. And I feel so dumb for even stepping foot inside my exes home. I did think about how I’m going to my exes home and that it’s gonna weird my bf out but on the other hand I didn’t go for my ex, I went because all my friends are hanging out and if I didn’t go they would be doing all these cute Halloween things without me :( idk guys. Please send advice. I keep apologizing because I know I messed up but a part of me wants my bf to be more understanding. Is that unfair to want him to be more understanding even though he has a valid reason? AITA for going there?"
346	498	adjudicated	TTA	"I’m (24F) currently on Cold War with my BFF (24M) and wondering if I’m TA for telling him off bluntly. 

What went down yesterday was we went out together to get some diy wood stuff for his place. Note, I don’t know anything about carpentry and I’m just there to accompany him.  

While we were there, I made a few comments and suggestions but he berated me for not knowing shit. 

He said my suggestions doesn’t make sense and it’s illogical of me. I got mad and told him that I don’t know anything about the stuff he’s getting & it was just a simple question.

I gave it a good thought and proceed to send a long message telling him off after I got home. 

I said he was selfish and that he could have been nicer to me since I’m just there to accompany him and knows nothing. I also said he could had appreciate my effort in coming to choose stuff for him even though I know nothing about it. Like I was just being a supportive friend and he’s not appreciating me. I also said he was difficult to deal with. 

For background context, my friend struggles with expressing himself badly. He says shit all the time but deep down he’s an amazing friend. 

But he didn’t reply to my message so I texted the next morning. He said he needed time and we just left it as that. It’s been a day and he hasn’t got back to me. 

So AITA for being so blunt and harsh? What does it mean guys said they need time? We girls usually talk things out."
286	289	adjudicated	NAH	"I (19F) share a longstanding friendship with Charlie (19F), deepening over the past three years. Our connection was never awkward, and we complemented each other perfectly. However, our dynamic shifted when Charlie began dating Chris after a village party.

Chris's anger issues and Charlie's intimacy concerns strained their relationship, leading to a breakup after he cheated. I supported Charlie during her recovery, but she later reconnected with Chris, and they resumed dating.

Now, I feel left out and insecure about our friendship. Charlie's focus on her relationship leaves me with limited time, and my attempts to schedule meetings often get disrupted by her boyfriend. Third-wheeling during their outings became uncomfortable, leading to a confrontation where our non-biological maternal figure overheard my feelings, breaching my trust.

Despite my efforts to communicate, Charlie prioritizes her relationship. After a week of silence, I suggested meeting up when I was free, leading to a conversation about Chris's birthday plans. The situation escalated when Chris took offense to my mention of ""renting"" Charlie for an afternoon.

The fallout extended to Chris taking control of Charlie's phone, responding to me and criticizing my possessiveness. This situation resulted in three months of no communication. AITA for feeling neglected in this friendship, especially when I've tried to empathize with Charlie's situation? I need your opinion on whether my concerns are valid and how to navigate this complicated dynamic."
331	12	adjudicated	TTA	"My (37F) brother (33M) and his partner (33?F) have two daughters (5 & 2). We often get together for family bbqs every couple of months.

Every time my SO (37M) and I leave these family events, my brother and his partner will make their kids give us a hug and kiss (on the cheek) goodbye. Sometimes the kids don't want to, which is totally fine with me. I'm happy to wave and say goodbye.

For context, the 5yo has very mild autism but she and I get on really well, I seem to be able to get on a different level with her and she is able to come out of her shell around me. The 2yo quiet shy around us still - we don't see them very often, so she needs a bit of time to get used to us.

Last time we caught up, they made a huge deal about the kids having to hug and kiss us goodbye. I told them I really don't care and to just let them do their own thing. The brother tells them again to hug and kiss us goodbye. I can tell my SO is uncomfortable - he's not a hugging or kissing kind of guy. So I double down and tell my brother ""No, really - you don't need to force them to do anything"". The kids, my SO and myself were starting to get really uncomfortable. 

His reply totally blew me away. He said, ""We're  teaching our kids not to be rude"". 

Well, that kind of set me off. I told him and his partner that its absolutely not rude for the kids to refuse to hug and kiss us or anyone goodbye. In fact, its was perfectly fine fine for them to set their own boundaries when it comes to what they do with their bodies. Forcing them to engage in unwanted physical contact is not okay and they are potentially setting their kids up to be victims in the future. I didn't yell or raise my voice to them, but I was very firm in what I said. Which may have took them back a little bit, because I'm usually the family clown and prefer to joke around.

They obviously took offense and came back at me with, we'll raise our kids how we want, and what would you know, you don't even have kids. 

So being how my brother is, he's cut me off for having an opinion on how he is raising his kids. That's his go to coping mechanism, cutting people off. So I may or may not see my nieces again 🤷‍♀️

Everyone walks on eggshells around my brother through fear they'll be cut off. My mother (60) told me I shouldn't have said anything to him about how he's raising his kids. My younger sister (30F) agreed with what I said but she didn't have my back at the bbq. 

So, AITAH for standing up for my neices? I know I'm not an expert in parenting, I just thought it would have been common sense to raise your kids to speak up for themselves, rather than be submissive. Maybe I could have handled it better? Idk. I just feel bad for the kids."
437	241	adjudicated	NAH	"My twin brother was killed at a job site, where he was crushed by a bunch of steel that fell on him. There was nothing left of him. So I had to get him cremated.

At the funeral, his boss and manager came to his funeral. While there, they said how sad it was for my brother to die, and hugged me, then said they were sorry while acting all sad or in a serious tone. When the funeral ended, I heard laughing outside the funeral, and it was my brother's boss, manager, and colleagues. They were laughing so loud I came outside to hear wtf was going on.

Now I feel like people just say that word ""sorry,"" but don't mean it. When I hear it, I get angry. Anyways, I didn't tell anyone my brother died 4 months ago, and somehow, a person from work found out. Asked why I didn't tell them, and then gave their bullshit condolences. So I said, ""Stop saying a word you don't mean. You'll feel sad for a second and then forget about this. You don't mean it, and you don't care. So stop saying it."" My wife was there and said I was rude.   

AITA for not accepting people's condolences?

Edit: I am not upset about laughter at a funeral. I am upset that a man who owns the company came to his funeral. He refused to tell me how he died besides that he was crushed by something big and made of steel. Not knowing if he suffered, or if it was instantaneous. The manager coming, who has a history of cutting safety measures as well. No one is telling me anything. I was not upset about his friends who came there and laughed. I am upset that a man whose company smashed my brother into paste, so I had to cremate him couldn't stfu for a day and act professional. He didn't know my brother. He owns over 30 shop sites. He isn't sharing memories. He was being rude. 

Imagine a surgeon who performed a surgery on your loved one, who then died on their table and they couldn't stfu for one day at their funeral or made a ruckus. 

They can offer their condolences but not tell me htf he was crushed? If he suffered? Then go outside and laugh? I had to call a paramedic I knew to find out it was most likely instantaneous."
212	310	adjudicated	YTA	I have been with my boyfriend for a couple of years now, and I have gotten pretty close with his family. They are all really close as well. Recently I let one of his sisters borrow airpods from me. Keep in mind, they were gifted to me by my mom, and I grow an attachment to any gifts given to me because I know it takes time and money, so I see the value. I let his sister know to please take good care of them, as I let her borrow them for a run. Fast forward… she lost them. I kept asking her to look for them , and she just got frustrated when I would mention them. A couple weeks went by and she just stated they were lost. I ended up buying some and giving her the price. Before this situation, we had let his family borrow a PS5 that I gifted to my bf, so we decided to take it back . Now a remote does not work. I told my bf to let them know they would have to pay for one of the remotes . A 10 year old, and a 18 year old (they are his siblings) were the only ones to use it , so I told them that they would be paying half each. Making it to be $25. I let the 10 year old know he could clean my car to earn it because I know their mom is tight on money. AITA for asking his family members to pay for these stuff? I definitely feel like one especially since they believe it’s more about the money. I’m approaching this situation this specific way because I’m trying to show them they need to take care of other people’s stuff. Also, I learned my lesson, I know not to let them borrow anything. 
464	235	adjudicated	YTA	My manager admitted to nepotism in the workplace saying they only hire people who know someone in specific departments such as sales and marketing. I asked why and he said because there’s an executive vouching for them so they are guaranteed the person will be a good worker and they don’t want to upset the executive who referred the person. They said they’d also give the salary to someone an executive knows. I asked how that’s fair because there are other talented people who are looking for employment who aren’t given a chance. It also seemed like a clique. He said that’s just the way things are and told me I need to not worry about it since I have a job and it’s not affecting me. I told him I just know people who have applied to other companies who can’t find work and that just broadened my perspective.
146	23	adjudicated	NAH	"We were planning to go on a 7 day vacation to a warm country, with just our backpacks. My bf had packed his bag already when I started my packing the day before the flight. I noticed that he didn't pack his sunglasses so I placed both of ours in my sunglasses case (to save space,) put it in my backpack, and told him I did so. He didn't like this idea and asked for his sunglasses back so he could keep it in his own case, which was much thicker and heavier than mine (the reason I used my sunglass case in the first place). I handed him my case with both our glasses while I went back to finishing up my packing. He came to me few minutes later and handed me his case saying that he had placed his sunglasses in it. I was keeping it in my bag since he didn't have any more space his.

I made a mistake here and assumed that he might have kept my sunglasses in his case as well and didn't think much about it since I assumed the issue was resolved. 

Then, we finally reach our destination and desperately need sunglasses cause of how strong the sun was. And surprise to me, the case had ONLY his sunglasses. He then proceeds to comment on how silly it was for me to forget my sunglasses at home, knowing it was going to be this hot and sunny here. I was pissed about his comment and that he didn't bother to think about how I hadn't packed mine. Told him he could've packed my sunglasses as well or at least let me know that he left my glasses on the table. Argument ensued where he makes me sound toxic for blaming him for something that was my own fault. So reddit, what's the verdict? AITA?"
66	451	adjudicated	TTA	"For a bit of background, my paternal aunt and her husband neither came from a privileged background. Her family still resides with my grandparents to this day. We were pretty close since I was a kid but ever since my mom died, things shifted. My dad was always at work and it was just me with my two younger siblings.

At first, it was just her visiting unannounced. I didn't mind because she would bring me food and I would confide with her most of the time. Later on, I had a feeling that the free food and consolation she brings gave her the entitlement as if our house was also hers. My dad pointed out that we were being too close, but I shrugged this off. However, she started bringing her whole family including her husband and two kids without anyone in this house knowing that they were gonna come. We didn't even had the chance to open the gate and the door for them because they already invited themselves in. They would spend the entire day from morning until night, lounging in our living room and cooking in our kitchen using the ingredients in our pantry. I asked my dad, the owner of the house, every time if they asked for his permission, he always says no. This spanned for two years, btw.

One of her kids is severely autistic. He's around 5 to 7 years old and requires constant attention but they just let him wander free in our house. The problem is that my cousin barges into each room and jump on the bed, leaving him unattended most of the time. It's either my aunt is busy cleaning up for the kid's mess, her husband distracted on the TV, or they're both just lounging. I have set my ground rules for my personal space (Not sitting on my bed with outside clothes and not bringing food) and my immediate family, who lives in this house, respects it. I don't understand how anyone outside won't be able to grasp that. My aunt insisted to let my cousin in because he should be given consideration since he's special. I just came up that my room is a mess and I have a project going on. Already told my dad about it and he said she would be devastated if we assert our boundaries.

I took matters into my own hands that whenever they come over, I would lock my door. Doing this didn't stop them, they continued peeking through my window as a result. My aunt picked this up and started ignoring me. Whenever I'm present, she would just embarrass me. This went on for months but I didn't mind. Suddenly, walking home, I bumped into her on the street and she talked to me like it was nothing. I kept walking not knowing that she followed me home, visibly mad. I was able to lock myself in my room before she started banging the door and asking me to come out. My dad thinks I'm the AH for disrespecting her since she's older. AITA?

Edit: Thanks everyone for your help. To correct - I lock my door and go outside to spend time with them. Sometimes, not as much because I have other plans for the day such as finishing my school works so I don't have to cram it later. I just feel like they have no regard of our individual schedule for them to spontaneously show up every time."
21	491	adjudicated	YTA	"So I went out with my girl friends to the club we were having a great time. I had liquor in my system and kept texting my recent ex boyfriend about how much I miss him, but I did not expect him to show up. He texted come out otherwise he will never speak to me again. I was afraid that he would leave me forever so I told my friends that I have to go to the bathroom and left the club to go speak to him. He said I’ll take you home so I don’t have to take the train with my friends. I knew ditching my friends was a bad idea but I wanted to just be with him so bad. I thought it would be no issue until my friends text me worried about where I am and that they’re ready to leave. I texted my friend I’m on the way home and they called me lame and that they’d never ditch me like that. I got stressed and persuaded my ex to take them with us. When I called my friends they were just so angry saying they’d never do that to me and that I’m lame. I told them on the phone “I’m still in the city I didn’t leave where are you let me come get you” they just hung up on me. I feel so bad and such a terrible friend for leaving them and I feel like they will never trust to go out with me again.

 I had to lie to my friend in the morning to fix my reputation, cause the truth would be too bad to hear. My point of view was that it is better to lie than to tell the truth and hurt their feelings and think bad of me. I texted her this word for word:

“Hey love, I think there was some miscommunication last night. I had ordered a Uber already to Hicksville but I wasn’t in it yet. I should’ve clarified that & since we got separated it wasn’t communicated clearly through text.

I should’ve clarified that it was for all of us if u guys wanted to go that’s why I called you when it came so I could get u guys wherever u were. I get ur perspective tho 

That’s why on the phone I was telling u I’m still in the city cause I didn’t leave There wasn’t clarity tho so I get it”

Her reply:

Ohhhh 😭😭😭 we thought you left without telling us and we kept looking for you 

My reply:

“No I wouldn’t just leave like that 😭😭 I couldn’t find u guys either but when you texted you guys r ready to leave I just ordered it and meant to text u I ordered a Uber already to Hicksville not that I’m in one 😭😭😭”
“I was confused on the phone cause I didn’t realize you guys probably thought I just left “
“I was like I’m in the city where r u guys let me come get u “
“But you guys hung up on me 😭😭😭”

Her reply:

“Omggggggggggg yes we did 
Bc we were looking for you inside then we couldn’t find you so we went outside to tell u to come 
And then you called and u we’re like I’m in a Uber and we were like be uhhhhh 
😭😭 should’ve texted us “

She seems like she believed it and just said they thought I left and were worried.. I just said I would never do that and that it was a misunderstanding even tho I texted on that night that “I’m on the way home..” after us discussing the night in the morning she never texted me again. 

 I feel so bad and I regret cutting my night short when I could’ve moved on and had fun with my friends. This is the first time I’ve ever done this and I would never do it again.. I regret it so much. I was intoxicated and did not think straight. AITA?"
49	22	adjudicated	YTA	"This happened a few days ago in a large EU airport. I was sitting at the gate before boarding and the person seated next to me (who I had never met before) turned to me and asked ""Could you watch my suitcase while I go to the bathroom, it will only take a few seconds."" I told him ""I don't think we are allowed to do that here, I'm sorry"". Usually I would have said yes, and I felt a bit bad because he was very polite, but it's an airport and I had heard about 20 announcements during my layover saying not to leave baggage unattended and to notify police of unattended baggage.

Anyway, he gave me a very dirty look, and some other passengers seated nearby said ""Of course we can watch it for you"" and also gave me a dirty look. AITAH?"
411	43	adjudicated	TTA	"Alright so I, F18, still live with my parents and have a pretty decent relationship with them. Now that it's the spooky season, and one of my favorite times of the year I was invited to a costume party and planned on going with a group of my friends and get some dinner after we went to the party and this is where the problems start. See my family is very old school when it comes to costumes and such and when I said that I was going as a cop to the party they didn't bother to much, I guess they thought I'd dress differently than I did.

So the night of the party comes and my family isn't home as they're busy with other things and we have fun at the party before going to meet my parents at the restaurant, a Chili's BTW, my friends and I get there first  and then shortly after my family comes . Immediately when they see my costume my mother gets angry at me for wearing a ""slutty"" costume out to not only a party but at a restaurant. I told her that it wasn't a big deal and not like I was showing my parts to the world or anything. This led to an argument where I ended up being grounded and loss of my car privileges for a bit. But I'm wondering if iata for this?"
135	57	adjudicated	NAH	"

I wanna start off by saying I love and have tattoos, so does my partner. But I love *good* tattoos. 

My partners cousin is an apprentice who has done about 4 or 5 tattoos. He’s not terrible, but he’s also not very good at all. Wobbly lines that don’t connect, very scratchy colour… which is fine bc he’s learning. We all start somewhere. 

But my partner randomly said they want to get a tattoo from him (tomorrow) and it’s only $50. At first I thought, 50 bucks?! Count me in too! Then I saw his work and got a little worried. I asked what my partner wanted and they said the classic mom heart shoulder tattoo with the banner and flowers coloured red. I said maybe they should do something simpler bc I don’t think his skill level is there yet. It turned into a discussion with a lot of tension. 

I feel bad bc I don’t want to tell them what they can and can’t do, but I also don’t want them to get a shitty tattoo, especially if it’s in tribute to their mom. I said they should maybe think about it a little longer and not jump the gun just yet. Or get something small and save that tattoo for someone a little more skilled, a shoulder is good real estate and you wouldn’t want to waste it on a shitty tattoo. They weren’t very happy with that response and gave me the, “fine I won’t get anything. I hate when you get like this.”

I don’t really know how to feel. I mean it’s their life and they can do what they want. But they tend to jump into things without thinking. And maybe I need to live a little and be more spontaneous, but tattoos are permanent and you wouldn’t want to waste good tattoo real estate on a shitty tattoo that’s going to fade and fuzz. Especially a tribute tattoo.. I just don’t want them to end up hating or being embarrassed by it. 

What do you think?"
134	140	adjudicated	ESH	"I (19F) and my two aunts were in a car. They suddenly started talking about PhD students and how PhD students were smart because they themselves couldn't possibly imagine doing a PhD. I'm already in uni studying my bachelor's and I've met PhD students so I decided to chime in the convo. I said that PhD students aren't naturally smarter than the average people, and that it was a matter of dedicating yourself to academia. I also argued that there are many smart people without PhDs. And just because someone has a PhD, doesn't mean they deserve automatic praise and merit. I also said that, similar to this logic, I don't deserve automatic merit and praise just cause I got an ATAR in the 99s. ATAR is used by Australia to rank recently graduated high school students with one another. Since I got an ATAR of 99.55, I'm in the top 1% of all graduates.

My aunt found this statement of mine rude. She told me to shut up because I was putting down other people's achievements. She then started saying that that I ""better make sure to never fail in life"" because I was egotistical. I then asked her, ""What constitutes failure?"" which further aggravated her but she didn't elaborate. At this point, she was shouting at me. She then said that I haven't proven anything in life. I think this is unfair cause a) I'm young and b) I just graduated high school last year.

I started questioning why she was so angry about my opinion over PhD people. I then asked her, ""Well, what have you proven in life? When we were the same age, I was better than you academically."" The moment I said this, she started shouting non-stop. She called me arrogant and delusional and said that I have no grasp of the ""real world."" She then proceeded to call my mother to tell her that I'm delusional and that I should increase my antidepressant dose. She also advised my mum to place me in a psychiatric hospital because I was ""clearly unwell."" I then further insulted her by saying that it's sad that she's a nurse because she has no understanding of what antidepressants do or what mental health is about. This further aggravated her."
398	236	adjudicated	TTA	"I work for a company that sells apparel and active equipment. Every year the owner and my boss goes to a big chain store across state lines to get apparel and equipment that may be slightly used or is just not selling well that we could sell in our store. They buy big boxes of this stuff every year for a huge discount. This year however they got asked if they wanted to buy two big boxes of defective and damaged goods for $20. Now these boxes are 5'x5'x5' and hold a great deal of items. They agreed to purchase the box as they thought somethings would be salvageable. 

Today I walk in and got told to go through these defective boxes with my coworker. So my coworker and I and scanning through all the items and nothing is coming up as being able to sell for multiple reasons. There were used water bottles with broken rims, heavily worn shirts with holes, and shoe inserts that were very obviously used. We told the owner that we do not feel comfortable selling these items and that this is all pretty much junk (there was the occasional item like a hat in a bag without a tag or an unopened tin of tennis balls). The owner told my coworker and I to just go through it all and take out everything to the dumpster that we deemed not sellable. The owner wasn't upset about this as it was only $20 for this huge box and we had made more than enough profit. So we took the box out to the dumpster and starting throwing out the junk. 

My boss came out and was upset that we were throwing away all of the aforementioned stuff. We told him that the owner told us to throw away all the items we deemed unsellable away. He jumped into the dumpster and starting shifting through all the items we had thrown away and was getting mad. He started taking out used water bottles that had liquid in them saying ""They could be cleaned and sold"". There were football and rugby mouth guards that were starting to deteriorate in the package that were taken out to be sold NEW* in store. I told my boss that I do not feel comfortable selling these items to customers as new or used, that they shouldn not be sold at all. He said told us to ""Use your fucking heads and think about what we are throwing away"". I told him he doesn't have a moral compass if he thinks this is right. I would be furious if I was a customer and I found out where all of these so called NEW* items came from.  

TL:DR Told my boss that he is morally skewed if he thinks selling used and broken items as new items in our store."
232	436	adjudicated	YTA	"I (female) is in Spanish 2. Every chapter of our curriculum, we create a Loteria based on the vocabulary words for that chapter. Recently, my teacher implemented guidelines for the Loteria. For the most part the rules are pretty reasonable except for the last one that says stick figures must have clothing. 
Last Thursday we were given a Loteria sheet and we’re to complete on Friday as it was due on Monday. I finished the Loteria during that period so I wouldn’t have any extra work to do. This Monday, I turn it in and the teacher hands it back to me stating that I did not follow requirements and need to redo it. Later, I went up to her and asked her if I demonstrated in the drawings that I understood what the vocab words mean. She says no bc there’s stick figures. I reply with its stick figures as it’s absurd. She tells me I can either take a 0 or take it up with someone. Please note that I have had pervious issues with her and had to go to admin about her for unrelated reasons. I will her that I will speak to admin later. She say’s here’s a pass so you can go now. I tell her I am okay as I did not want to miss my next period. She proceeds to yell at me that she does not want me in here and keeps yelling at me to leave. I leave the classroom and head to the AP office. I wrote my statement and later spoke to the same AP I did last time who did not do anything about the previous issues. She tells me that she will schedule a meeting and sends me off. I am less angry about the stick figures but more angry at the way the teacher has handled this and prior situations. Her behavior was unprofessional and honestly disgusting.
So AITA for not putting clothing on my stick figures? 

TLDR: I got kicked out of class because my teacher didn’t like my stick figures

Please note that there is so much more that happened but it is too long put on here. Forgive me or any grammar errors and this is my first post.

Edit: I am no artist so I draw stick figures so the pictures look somewhat presentable otherwise it will look nothing what it is suppose. Additionally, I don’t have time to spend hours on drawings that only I am going to see as it goes in my notebook. I am in honors and ap classes and don’t have that kind of time."
402	457	adjudicated	TTA	"I have been a stay at home parent for many years, working the odd part time job here and there. My husband didn’t like me working and said it was unfair on the kids. For many years I never realised I was in an emotionally abusive and controlling relationship. I haven’t had access to money of my own since I was 18 years old, I am now almost 40. Whenever I’ve worked my wages would be transferred into my husbands account immediately - he always said I was bad with money. I guess I’m now realising that isn’t true as I’ve never had any access to money as an adult, we’ve been together since age 16. 

Over the last few years my children, now 14 and 12, have been dragged into my husbands games and abuse. He will degrade me and humiliate me and the kids will laugh. I’ve had no confidence or self esteem and I just accepted things, but recently I saw a therapist who has told me I am being abused. I have a neurological condition and I am becoming more and more disabled sadly, this is only making things worse as I am now a burden to everyone. 

Today, I looked into how I could leave and how I could get money together to try and get a flat. My mother is going to help me, but the thing is I know the kids won’t leave this nice home were their lives are good to come and live with me in a 2 bedroom flat with no money, no job, nothing. My husband has never been cruel to the kids, in fact he is a very loving and kind father which is why I don’t think anyone would believe the things I’ve been through as his wife. Knowing my kids are safe and well looked after WIBTA if I left by myself? I would still want to be in their lives and be their Mother but I can’t provide them the life he can. They are also unlikely to want to be with me as they see me as a laughing stock, pathetic even. I really do want to be free of this life and I know I am selfish but I am at breaking point. I collapsed due to my MS a month ago and as I was coming round on the floor I could hear them all dismissing me, my nurse asked me why no one called an ambulance and it was like a lightbulb going off in my head. I just feel completely worthless in this house."
434	52	adjudicated	NAH	"So for context: my husband lost his job and we had to move in with his family while we build up enough move to back into our place.  G=Grandma. I(20/f) husband(22/M)

So my husband’s G has always had something to say about everything. When it came to how I dressed down to my parenting style. My son was a Nicu baby. He was a very healthy baby but he was super tiny when he came out, only 3 pounds. So he had to stay until he was a proper weight. When he got home, I constantly heard about how he was catching a cold (he wasn’t), how he’s super stuffy, how I need to take care of him in general. I appreciate any help and tips but then there is G. She always has a comment about something…but won’t say them to me

Me and my husband were having a conversation about how G didn’t like my friends and would talk crap about them. I was laughing about it and playfully asked if she ever talks about me. He got super quiet. I asked it again but more serious. He then tells me about how she says that all I do is sleep and avoid my son. For more context, I’m up all night with my son cuz I’m super paranoid of everything then when around moon comes I crash and my husband watches him for about 3 hours until I wake up. This extremely pissed me off. For all the mess I put up with, I’m a bad mother for sleeping. I asked my husband if he thought I was a bad mother and he comforted me and told me I was doing all I could for our son. So I started avoiding her. Then yesterday was the end of me playing nice.

Yesterday I had to take my mother to doctors. I hesitant about leaving him with my husband G but he said it was fine. I take my mom then come back, I notice in his baby bottle…..apple juice. Earlier in the day she was trying to say my son was constipated (he wasn’t) and to give him apple or prune juice. We told her no and left. I was beyond pissed and took my son to my SIL house. Comes to find out, the juice was rotten. I told my husband I can’t live in a place I’m disrespected and packed our bags. 

AITA for wanting to leave with our son. I feel like I maybe the a-hole for taking our son away from his father because he won’t leave with me. I don’t want to punish my husband."
235	346	adjudicated	NAH	"My(f24) bf(27) has a yorkie (Lilly) that he’s had before he met me. He was gifted Lilly by  his aunt & Lilly was taken care of by his sister he lived w at home. His sister walked, fed, bathed, took her to the vet, and groomed her.

Now, we have our own place together, and for the past almost 2 years we’ve lived together, I have done everything for Lilly and my own dog. I feed, walk, clean up after, make vet appts & take her to the vet. I do everything besides brushing/grooming her. She hates getting brushed & bathed and she will for sure bite me if I even tried. I do groom and bath my doxie, because he is my responsibility and I understand that. But I refuse to have to pick up all of his dogs grooming responsibilities now that his sister isn’t around to do it for him. I do everything for Lilly aside from the fur maintenance. And sometimes I feel like I’m playing the role of a mom, who has a son, who has a dog he neglects. 

My main takeaway in this story is that i am asked by him every few months to take her to the groomer on one of my days off because she is so matted and stinky. I get severely slandered and judged for bringing in a smelly, matted, clearly groom-neglected dog in there. The groomers always charge me a fee because of how matted she is. It’s embarrassing & shameful to bring a dog in there that has fur in such conditions. 

WIBTA if I brought up to him that he has a high maintenance dog & he needs to take more responsibility for her  & not depend on me for everything & anything that has to do with our dogs? My doxie was a gift from him so I know that it’s my responsibility to take care of him. But Lilly was his dog before he even met me. And I’ve never seen him take responsibility for her before. I feel it’s unfair that I have to inherit the responsibility he left on his sister. :("
412	217	adjudicated	NAH	"I (F23) have always had a complicated relationship with my sister (F24) Ella. As we grew up into teenagers she became depressed and I have always been the one who calms her down. 

In grade 12 she began dating a guy, Joe, and continued to date him for the next 5 years. I never liked Joe but I didn’t think much of it because I was focused on my own life. During those years my sister and I rarely spoke. It turns out that Joe had been abusing my sister and she felt like she couldn’t talk with me about it because I “had the perfect life”. 

I obviously wanted to help her now that I knew. But she didn’t want to leave him. Ella just wanted to vent. For months, I listened to my sister talk about her boyfriend abusing her. I felt trapped because I knew that if I kept telling her to leave him, she would stop talking to me again.

When he broke up with her, my parents sent me to go talk to her because she was losing it. Her mind was so messed up, that no matter what I said she would go back to him. Ella invited him over and asked me to wait in the other room. I begged her not to let him over, but she wouldn’t listen. He came over and told her if she doesn’t do what he says it’s over. You can imagine what happens next.

I called 911 and stormed into the room and told him to get out. He saw that I was on the phone and left. In my head, I did the right thing, but my sister cried how she would never forgive me for ruining her life. I had to be the one to tell my parents what happened. They tried to convince her to press charges but she wouldn’t and went back to him. 

Fast forward and Ella tells me she’s finally ready to leave Joe. And she does… to get with another guy. Dave (M24), lives farther away and she has already went to stay with him for 2 months. While Ella was with Dave, I asked her if she can come to a special event. She said yes, then told me a right before the event that she wanted to spend as much time with Dave as possible and asked if it was okay for her to miss it. I said I’d be upset if she missed it because I never ask anything of her. She said that it’s okay if I’m mad and hopes that someday I can forgive her.

The reason why the event was so important is because I knew it’d be the last time I see her before getting engaged. (My partner planned a trip and I knew they were gonna pop the question). I’m engaged now and I have been back from my trip for 3 weeks now. My sister has not come to visit me once. She just talks with her new boyfriend everyday over the phone and she goes to see him whenever she can. 

I’m angry. I feel like I do everything for her and she doesn’t care about me. Looking at the pattern, Dave is another abuser in my eyes. When her and Dave fight or break up, I know she will call me crying. And I can’t help her without destroying myself. 

Someone please tell me, would I be TA if I stopped being there for her?"
121	176	adjudicated	TTA	"AITA for leaving a reunion sleepover because my best friend outed my addiction issues in front of all the friends present?

I'm 30F. this happenedt 2 years ago.
We come from a conservative society in India.
My gang have been together since undergrad, right through to our jobs, few of the girls getting married and moving to different cities.
One of my friends, Aria (then 28F as well),  lazy, carefree,skated through life,getting away with stuff,mooching off of people sometimes.We'd let that stuff go because of our bonding.
Aria and I got jobs at the same place (graveyard shift) when we were 26. She was hired.I got in a month later at the same job profile, same pay,different department/unit. 
I used to pick Aria from her place(15 minutes out of my route), drop her back, picked up slack for her at work on her days off or was going through something. She always took credit for my work, passed it off as hers. She'd be late  leaving in the morning after the shift ( coffee or chatting) when she knew full well I had post-graduate classes in the morning. We fought over something really petty, although my anger came from a place of too much suppression.
I stopped talking to her after for about a year.  During this time, I also broke up with my boyfriend (27M). It was a bad relationship and it took a toll on my social life as well.

I got reclusive,stopped talking to almost anyone, and was instead drinking and smoking. Somehow, one of my othe friends, Mia (28F at the time) got through to me, got me to therapy and eventually helped patch things up with Aria.

I began hanging out with Aria again and told her about my depression and addiction to alcohol and smoking. She didn't say much at the time, just that she and Mia were there for me and we should all plan a reunion
I agreed.
Everyone together at Mia's place for a couple of days (6 of us). WE'RE chatting after a nice dinner.Out of nowhere, Aria brings up my addiction. I don't remember her exact words bcz of the sheer shock, but it was something along the lines of ' we've all settled down but (me) has gone rogue with her addictions'. Everyone else was hearing this in disbelief ( In our culture, it's frowned upon a lot, especially for women). other friends didn't say anything, I lost it at Aria, yelled at her for bringing up something that was a bad phase, something very personal part of my life that I made the mistake of sharing with her. She said she was hoping this would turn into an intervention and 'help me' get out of it. 
I was shocked.I stormed out of the apartment. I went home, got blind drunk, slept.woke up to a dozen messages and calls. All the other girls were blaming me for overreacting especially when we'd gotten back together after so long. 
I can see I may have rained on the parade but I definitely wasn't the cause. I expected Aria to respect my privacy and not discuss this with everyone, especially when she knew it would have been so uncomfortable .

So reddit, am I really the a-hole?"
252	474	adjudicated	TTA	"I work from home and my girlfriend works in a hospital. Since I work from home I normally do most of the household chores and what not. Last weekend I was telling my girlfriend how I was feeling overwhelmed with work and all the things I do around the house and I asked her to help out once in a while. 

  
She said she would try to help out more and told me she would make a surprise meal for the week. My girlfriend gave me a list of groceries she would need and I bought it all on Sunday.

  
She didn't cook on Sunday because it was too late at night for her to cook and she didn't cook on Monday because when she got home from work, she was too tired to get started. This is where the conflict started. When she came home yesterday she was in a bad mood and got mad that there weren't any leftovers. She told me how it's ridiculous why I think it's fair for her to come home from work and be expected to cook. I pointed out how she said she would do it and even asked me to buy the groceries for her. She said I shouldn't expect this of her because she will always be too tired to cook right when she comes home from work and I should have known that.

  
I told her how unfair she was being and that she is playing games by expecting me to read her mind to know that when she says one thing she means the other thing. She said I was being a bad partner for not thinking about what she would need from me and that in not providing her with food when she comes home then I am just failing.

  
She is at work right and I am so pissed that I really just want to break up. Am I crazy here?"
251	296	adjudicated	TTA	"For context I 28(f) and my husband 30(m) have 2 kids ages 5 and 3. Which my sil would watch between the times of me going to work and husband getting home, which was usually 1/2 hour to 2h max, and maybe 1-2 days a week (I feel bad having people watch my kids so I always split it up between her and my grandparents) I also work 3 days a week max so it was usually 1 day she watched them for that amount of time. (I work at 5 my husband is home by 6 most nights sometimes closer to 7). At the time of her watching our kids she was a stahm. 
My husband and her had an argument a couple months back, and since she decided tho she loves me and our kids she won’t be helping me with babysitting and had texted him that he’s “lucky to have free daycare” fast forward after 4 years of being a stahm she’s went back to work, and now has been asking me to watch her kids for 4-8 hours a day multiple times a week and just expects that I’m willing to do it. 
Her kiddos are 1 and 3. I love her kids, but I’m overwhelmed myself with my 2 littles and school and all their extracurricular and also going to work myself. Would I be the asshole to tell her no I’m not willing to watch them all the time? 

My main issue besides being an overwhelmed mamma is that she had told her brother (my husband) he gets free day care when she watched my kids MAYBE 2 hours a week. But now I’m asked to watch hers close to 30 hours a week, and disrupt my kids schedules and be late to work when she’s late picking them up. (Also brought this up to my husband yesterday and said if she wants it to be like a daycare as she’s said it was then I will charge her as such, I’ve never been one to charge family to watch my extended kiddos but since she made it about that it irks me)"
446	134	adjudicated	NAH	"So, I got invited to a party to celebrate my mates 18th birthday [the party is on Halloween night, the day after his birthday]. The plan was that me and another mate, along with the guy who's party it is, were bringing booze. and I thought everyone going was 18 too. Apparently not.

A friend of mine who is also going told me yesterday that the guy is inviting these 2 girls, ""G"" & ""V"", to this party. G and V are both 16, which is chill, no problem, but I also don't want it on my head that I gave booze to 16 year olds if something bad were to happen due to it.

So I messaged in the group chat we have and basically said 

""Ay, look, I haven't got a problem with G and V, but at the same time mate, I'm not gonna bring booze to the party if they're gonna be there. Don't get me wrong, I drank when I was 16 too, but if they get hurt due to drinking too much, and they will, they're 16, I don't want that on my head. I'll bring money in place if you want and you can do whatever with it, but it's in my best interest to not give booze to people too young to know when to stop"".

And since then, him and half of the group chat, including G and V, have called me a killjoy and a goodie-two-shoes for not bringing booze. They haven't uninvited me but they aren't happy.

I think I did the right thing, but Idk. I'm not some Goodie-Goodie, I've done my share of drinking and other substances before I was grown, and sometimes it fucked me up. And I know these girls, and they won't stop till they get sick and I don't wanna make them sick off of my booze.

Am I the asshole for not bringing booze to a party?"
233	6	adjudicated	TTA	"Okay, I'd like to start off with giving some context. I'm autistic, Personally I struggle to deeply connect with things that aren't my special interest. I'll be shortening special interest to SP for efficiency sake. 

Right, so. My mother often tells me she wishes i'd talk to her more, but often gets mad at me for talking to her about my SP? She specifically says she wants to have meaningful convos. To me, that means it'd have to be my SP. I have made it very clear I struggle to connect with other topics deeply. However, she says I drive her ""insane"" with coming to tell her random fun facts or show her photos/videos, which she asked me to do btw. She asked if I could talk to her about my hobbies more. Most of my hobbies are to do with animals, or I fit animals in somehow, to make it more interesting for me. She however, gets mad at me for this. I'd like to add that I have tried to have deep convos about other topics, but she says I don't look engaged enough, or that I look mad? I'm not sure how to please her. Its not like i ONLY talk about my SP. I ask her about her day too, her interests etc. But she says its not good enough, at one point she said she needed to take me back to my psychiatrist to ""fix me""? I don't know what to even think of that? 

Well, AITA? If i am, then i'm not sure what else I can really do.

edit; i think it would be good to note i am a minor (under 18). 


(more specifically 14.)"
123	153	adjudicated	TTA	"I  (21f) started dating my boyfriend (21m) 2 years ago. He was fun and had a lot of quirks I loved. As we started to get closer he let loose even more and I fell more in love with the real person he was. I’m someone who has their fair share of differences to everyone else so seeing him be who he really was helped me be the same for him.

A couple months ago he mentioned that he was going to be tested for autism because he thought a lot of his differences may be due to that. I fully supported this and actually helped him sign a bunch of the documents where he needed to show symptoms from another persons point of view. The rest came back and he does. I was really happy for him. I know how it feels to be different and not know why and then finally get a diagnosis and finally get the chance to understand yourself (I’ve dealt with mental health issues and being diagnosed has helped me in my journey - I know they’re different but the finally understanding aspect is till there).

Well recently he’s been acting different. Every time he scrolls on tik tok his for you page is full of videos of people with autism explaining how it effects them and such. This is normal however he’s started mimicking the way other people act. I’ll hear him watch a video and the next day he’s doing what they do constantly. The worst part to me is how much younger he acts. It’s hard to explain but it’s like he’s a child. He baby talks and acts like he suddenly can’t do things and has to be comforted and babied constantly and honestly I just can’t handle it anymore. I don’t even know if that’s related to autism but his diagnosis has definitely started it.

I won’t say that these are completely new. A few of them were small quirks he had that are now done on a much bigger scale.

The other day I was doing terribly and I came home and he had done nothing all day. He saw me and the whole baby act started and I got so frustrated I asked him to stop exaggerating his autism all of a sudden. We got into an argument where he said he can’t help but be who he is now and I said that it feels like his issues are mostly mimicking what he sees so maybe he could just take a break from watching related content. He stormed out and is now staying with a friend. We haven’t spoken for a few days now.

I feel like a horrible person but I also feel like he really is exaggerating this. Can someone just tell me if I’m wrong? I don’t know if I can handle this if this is who he is anymore."
94	431	adjudicated	TTA	"Two years ago I (36M) was caught up in a bullying incident at work and had to go off work from trauma and a mental breakdown. I ended up going through Workers Compensation Board. The process took forever. Over 6 months to get a partial approval and over a year for them to find me the victim of Hate Speech in the workplace. 

During the investigation stage, there was very little income for my husband (35M) and I. Within 6 months I had eaten through my savings and maxed my cards. I had to turn to my parents for financial aid. I borrowed just over $3k from my father (65M) during that period. 

My mother (62F) went to pieces over my situation and began to blame me for it. She told me that I should not ‘take advantage of the system’ that I should go back and beg for my job back. Or find another job. To not get legal advice or go through taking my work to the WCB. 

My sister (42F) began telling me to know when to call it quits and that I was tearing the family apart. My sister and mother would talk about me and what I should do without me present. They even hatched the idea that we should kick out our renter (who happens to be my husband’s grandmother) and start an AirBnB. When I said it was a horrible idea, my sister made a comment that she’s just some old lady and would be better in a home. My husband stuck up for his grandmother and my sister mocked my husband for doing so. 

After sticking up for my husband and demanding my sister apologize, I was demonized and my mother even started accusing my husband of nefarious intentions on me. 

I ended up, after more drama, cutting my sister out. My mother and father blame me and insist that I apologize and make it work. I believe I’m owed the apology and refuse to take unnecessary blame to save the peace. 

Am I The Asshole ripping their family apart, or am I just sticking up for myself?"
107	229	adjudicated	TTA	"My boyfriend (40) and I have lived together for five years now, he works nights and weekends and I work a “normal” Monday through Friday 8-4 shift, so we don’t see much of each other. I’m independent so I’m ok with it except a big hinderance is how much he visits his mom. She lives an hour away and he goes out to visit her typically 4 days a week if not more. This puts a damper on the little time we do get to see each other. 

A little background info, his mom had a lung transplant 3 years ago, and never fully recovered, so she doesn’t do much for herself. In fact the hospital kicked her out (twice) because she refused to do any of her physical therapy and exercises to help her recover so they said there isn’t more they can do if she doesn’t help herself. Her other son (my boyfriend’s 45-year-old brother) lives with her to take care of cooking and basic cleaning. He doesn’t work so lives there for free and helps out. 

Anyway our biggest fight is how much he goes out to his mom’s to help out and doesn’t help out around our house and makes me feel guilty when I say something and tells me in a sarcastic voice “sorry I’m helping my mom, that is so bad.” He also has three other siblings, two are local and usually go once a week and the other sibling lives out of town so can’t help much. I understand helping your mother, but I feel it’s too much. Anyway he was just at his moms yesterday, I was working from home today and thought we could get some cleaning done but he “had to go to his moms” again. I said you were there yesterday what could you possibly have to do today? He said she asked him to come out and he told her he would (she asks every day). I am fed up so I said either set your boundaries with her and compromise at 2 days a week for visits or move in with her because I can’t do this anymore. And again she lives an hour away so it’s two hours round trip just to go there, not like he’s popping in at his mom’s house down the street. AITA?"
355	100	adjudicated	TTA	"As of right now, she has another year left and we're investing another 20k of our savings into her business. In total it has cost us 60k in the last 5 years. And will be close to 85k in a years time. In profit, the business has only made 8k in sales over these 5 years. I've asked her to focus on marketing, website design and sales for this next year. And if it doesn't work, to maybe put it on hold and do just small work from home. She can only see I'm taking the business away from her. I'm not, I'm just saying it unfair to keep draining important time and energy into something that is costing us so much. I need help paying the bills and raising our kids. 

I also run a business. Which I took 6 months off, over the end of last year and the start of this year. Just to reboot and focus on my health. I've just won 200k of contracts and now she's saying I need to close my business down, because it only made 12.5k over the 6 months I was away. And go get a job with a weekly pay check and that I'm just as much part of the problem as she is. 

I'm so confused. I know contract work is annoying in waiting for payment. But I just can't see her side of the argument. Am I missing something? We've even oganised a nanny to help in the mornings. Giving her more time over the last year. Costing around 35k a year."
201	83	adjudicated	ESH	So I’m on vacation (49F) with all my immediate family Children, mother, sister, and brother in law, and my (42M) husband is back at home. So we have cameras in our home, and used them more a couple years ago, when we were having issues with my youngest son.. so after my son moved out we just kind of stopped using our security cameras. Until just days before my vacation, I moved the cameras so they would face our living room area. I have a friend (40 F) I asked if she could stop by and care for my cat. I understand my husband would be around, and I normally never have issues with him hanging out with women or my friends for that matter if I’m not there. This particular friend always stays on our couch while she stays, that is why I moved the camera. I thought if she stayed over I’d have some piece of mind, seeing my husband not making any moves or anything. I wanted to see how faithful he is to me. I wanted truth. They were messaging me videos of the cat, and telling me to have fun. She messaged me at 9:18 pm there(10:18 her)telling me she was going home and to have a goodnight. I saw immediately afterwards, My husband left for the local bars to have a few drinks because we share our location i was able to see where he was. I saw that he was getting home, I turned on the security camera to see the both of them walking up stairs to our bedroom. I freaked out and immediately tried video FaceTiming him , he hung up repeatedly. He called back on just audio calling, saying he was trying to sleep. I asked him why he would do what he was doing,why she lied. He said he was getting her comfortable in our bed so he could sleep in his daughters room. They were caught, and had so many excuses. She was going to drive home but I insisted that she doesn’t drive because she was intoxicated. He kept trying to give her the phone, so she could explain. When I wanted him to talk to to me. So AITA for watching? Would they have told me if I hadn’t seen anything?
171	157	adjudicated	TTA	"My niece paid 100AUD for a coffee table from our estate garage sale in Sept 2019. She asked me to hold the item, which I did for 18 months.
She was also given several items for nothing as gifts to remember her grandparents which she took on the day.

There came a time when, as the executor, I needed to dispose of any remaining items to finalise the estate. I organised a hard rubbish disposal at an expense to the estate (minus a personal council voucher discount). And, quite frankly, I needed the items gone for personal closure. 

Note that I am not close with my niece and only have limited contact via Facebook as she is very dramatic and toxic.

My niece (or rather her partner), contacted me today, four years on, asking for the coffee table or the money back. 

They are making personal threats when I told them I no longer have it.

I'm happy to pay my share from an estate POV, they can request the rest from the other 3 recipients, one of them being her own father. 

It seems they are out for just me as I held the garage sale and housed the items and forgetting that I was executor of the estate for multiple people."
199	367	adjudicated	YTA	"I (22M) was at my friend’s (24M) apartment the other day. I had to use the bathroom (those damn nachos!) and as I went to sit, I heard a crack and realized his toilet had broken. I let him know what happened; the next day he called me with some estimates for a new toilet. 

I said I don’t agree to pay because a) I don’t know if the toilet was already broken when I sat on it; b) most likely his toilet just wore out, because I didn’t do anything purposefully to break it, wasn’t reckless and I weight 170 pounds. He took this is if I was implying something about his weight - my friend weights over 350 pounds. I was not referring to his weight (aren’t toilets supposed to be resistant anyway?), but I took his lead to say that yes, it would be more likely he’s at fault here. 

He texted me later to say I was being an AH to him. Am I?"
16	495	adjudicated	YTA	" Me (F 19) and my bf (M 25) are in a 10 month old relationship, through our relationship he never posted me in his insta account because i have body image issues but never told me so so i assumed he didn't wanted to post me like my ex did (my ex felt embarrassed because i was a medium sized girl and never wanted to post pics together).      

And 1.5 month ago i realised that he had a pic on his profile from 2018 with his ex and his friends. Some might say its a group photo and it doesnt matter but i felt cheated on. I felt worthless because my ex did not wanted to post me but my bf posted about his ex and didn't even delete the pic after she broke up with him. When i said why that photo is still up he said I didn't fight with her and we're  friends and im with my friends there. 

I feel betrayed and as a 19 y.o teenager i think i know better. I know that its the normal thing to do to delete photos with your ex because your friends that dont know that you have broken up might think that you are still together. I'm not saying that he should announce me in his profile as his new gf but her appearence and my absence in his digital life makes me feel worthless. Maybe his friends think he is still with her. Because whenever a guy that i knew that had a partner texts me in a flirty way i always check his profile to see if his photos with his partner is still up there. Most of the time the photos are gone which means they are not together anymore and thats why he texted me in a flirty way. So i believe the photo of his ex still being up sends the false message. 

I told my opinions and he tried to explain why the photo is still there and that made me more angry because the right thing to do is delete is as soon as the relationship is done.  I was angry so i called him stupid. I dont seem to forget about it and it hurts me that he did this to me. 

 I asked him if it was an important day and he said no. He says im his family but he hurt me for a couple of friends in a normal day. That normal day ruined many of my days that could have been good or at least normal. I cant seem to accept his apology and it feels like ill never be able to do so. 

And I posted our photos as a story all the time. After my emotional combustion he deleted the photo. And I said im never posting us ever again and i wont let you to post me ever. I said something hurtful. I said ""You never get to post me because you might not delete it when we are over and your next gf doesnt deserve what i have been through"". I posted him because i wanted to share my happines after being away from school because of my depression, to show everyone that i'm happy now. Also me posting photos with him sent the message that im taken so less people bothered me and tried to flirt with me so i felt peace. Long story short i have this burning pain and anger within me and it doesnt seem to go away even though i love him so much. AITA?"
433	473	adjudicated	NAH	"I (29F) manage a small electronics & grooming retail store. We have a work Spotify account which we are quite lenient about. Myself and the ASM (20M) have our own playlists (around 24h each), and we have a few other mixed ones, including a generic \[store name\] playlist that has a heap of retail-friendly music (about 124h). The only rules so far have been to keep the tunes ""clean"" and appropriate, otherwise just about anything goes within reason.  


The ASM and I have very different music tastes. My playlist is mostly upbeat retail-friendly music (80s/90s/00s >) but tailored more to my personal taste. His playlist is also tailored to his personal taste, but his taste is, well... depressing and/or cringey in the context of retail store music.

There is nothing actually ""wrong"" with his personal music taste (you like what you like, I get it!), but I feel it's not really conducive to a comfortable in-store retail experience for staff or customers.

To give you an idea here a few songs on his list that he deems appropriate for retail (most of his list is like this) :

* Alone and Forsaken by Hank Williams
* True Faith from The Last of Us (Ashley Johnson's cover)
* Marvel soundtracks (purely instrumental)
* Super Friend (from The Flash musical episode? This is the one that makes me cringe.)  


Lately, I have been hearing from my staff members that they and customers have been put off by ASM's music choices on my days off. Several customers have looked up toward the ceiling with a ""wtf?"" expression for many tracks, including the above examples, and some have even left the store. 

ASM has also become increasingly petty and angry about music being changed, even when it's not his playlist in rotation. Yesterday I witnessed him shout, ""**HEEYY!** I was *listening* to that!"" like a petulant child, when our coworker skipped a rare sad song on ***my*** playlist with my permission. No customers were in the store. When we both said it was my playlist anyway and I said it was fine, he whined that he didn't care, he was enjoying it and we shouldn't have changed it. This outburst apparently was not the first towards this staff member about changing a song, as I found out.

However, ASM switched the music to his playlist today in the middle of trade, despite the fact I set the tone for a busy, long-trade day when I arrived - first thing this morning - with upbeat music to enjoy.  


**Here is where I might be the AH**.   
I would like to put my foot down & delete all custom playlists *including my own* (except for the seasonal ones), and only use the generic \[store name\] retail-friendly playlist from now on. 

Frankly I am tired of the depressing music in my store & although we work as a team I can see that his music choice is also affecting our staff & customers' mood. On top of this I am over his petty attitude & double standard toward the playlists and the music. I believe having music at work is a privilege, let alone music that we are allowed to choose ourselves.

**WIBTA if I deleted the playlists?**"
426	205	adjudicated	YTA	"Recently went to a long awaited wedding with my GF, then after we went to a reception: she was nervous throughout all of it. So I tried my best to get along with her friends and family and just everyone at the wedding. Just for context we are Hispanic and everyone else at the wedding excluding 3 other people were white. There were 150 people at the reception and I really didn’t care about the race thing but someone I was hanging out with at the wedding pointed it out. 
Regardless of my gf being a little uncomfortable and the 3 other Hispanic people being nervous. I said “F*** it” and danced the whole night, had a great time with everyone to the point I was the center of the party at some point.
Race, religion and everything else didn’t matter because everyone was having fun, sure it took some time but after I started dancing everyone became more comfortable. They were literally cheering me on it was like a scene out of a movie —- then the backlash started; I was sitting next to someone who clearly didn’t want to talk - so I tried to have a conversation with them to lighten the mood. They instantly got up and moved - so I started to wonder why they were so upset when that was the first time I ever met them.
I couldn’t help but think of the race thing, (yes they were white) Then I started to look around, some people were actually upset that I was the center of the dance floor. I really don’t know why everyone was upset, I knew how to dance pretty well and someone even started mocking me after they asked me to dance. I was shocked because I thought everyone was having a good time.
So I went to the restroom and started thinking - why would these people I don’t know be so offended that I was dancing.
After I came back, they started playing alternative rock, so I jumped in and knew all the songs and every beat, maybe they didn’t expect me to know the song lol. 
Was I the asshole for being the life of the party, and why were people so upset and dismissive to me? Do you all think it was a race thing or just an insecurity thing?
A side note, there were only a dozen people acting that way to me, but that’s a lot versus one person so it upset me and I was also pretty tipsy at the time.
I’m at a loss as to why they would mock me and ignore me for simply dancing….idk lmk

Also why does all this crap happen in weddings, I’m so over weddings.

Edit: thank you for the responses I sincerely appreciate it. I understand that my actions could seem extra but I just like to dance. I’ll definitely tone it down from now on."
390	379	adjudicated	TTA	"Me (16M) and my girlfriend (17F) have been together in a kind of open relationship for a bit over a year now. I was aware of their partner before we started dating since they've been together for about two years and a half now. We met on a class trip last year in August and got together in September.
(To make it a bit easier I'll call my girlfriend ""Lara"" and their partner ""Ben"". Those aren't their real names.)

At the beginning everything was great and we spent quite a lot of time together, meeting up about once a week and texting each other every day. I was friends with Ben until a certain argument in April this year.

Then, after an argument between Ben and Lara about me, Lara got a bit distant. It came out in forms of either not replying for hours, even though they were online more than once in that period of time, and we started meeting up a lot less. I usually chucked it up to them being busy, but it still hurt at times because this could've continued for a while.

Yesterday, I've had a really bad mental breakdown and I really needed her by my side so I texted Lara asking for help or maybe some comfort. She's the only person who I see as family near me. Lara didn't reply yesterday, nor did she reply today. I wouldn't have been so upset if it was the first time, but sadly it isn't. 

I texted telling Lara today that I felt hurt and that it feels like I am trying to make an effort to communicate but I don't see or feel like she's putting the same effort to it.

I talked with my sister over voice call because I really don't know what to do and it felt wrong when the thought of taking a break with Lara crossed my mind. In the end my decision was that: if she doesn't respond before I go to bed - I will most likely ask for a break. 

I just don't know what to do anymore. It's just sometimes it feels more like we are either friends with benefits or like I am just a side/second option for when they need closure. 

I do understand that we are both in college now and that it's stressful, but I am trying to keep up while it feels like Lara is not even trying. 

So WIBTA if I asked her for a break? Or am I just overreacting?
Any advice is needed and will be accepted. 

I also apologize fot any grammatical mistakes, english is not my first language."
197	92	adjudicated	TTA	So I, 23F was born profoundly deaf and received cochlear implants when I was 2 years old.  I grew up with  wealthy middle class parents with good health insurance from my father’s company. 90% coverage kind of insurance. About almost two years ago I upgraded my cochlear processor because my old one was very worn out and I was having difficulty hearing people. I get the upgrade for both side and it costed $20k. I am on my father’s insurance, insurance wrote a check to my father for 18k. I let my dad handle it because I thought I can trust him with that. I come to find out a year later my account was put “on hold”, while I was trying to order new batteries for processor. After I spoke to the billing department and calling my insurance about the “missing 18k check” that was suppose to be paid. I found out my dad pocket the 18k because it was deposited to his account after confirming with insurance agents. I been bringing this up to my dad I know what he did and he need to give the money over. He been avoiding me left and right, disappear and go AWOL. my accounts recently been updated from “on hold” to “blocked” which means I can’t get any new equipment even if it’s under warranty. My audiology is aware of the situation and told me I need to get this resolved ASAP because my warranty is soon going to expire and I need to replace my processor. I’m considering my options, my dad does help me with other expenses which would impact me if he stopped paying those as well. I am in college and I’m not wealthy, my dad is. I’m trending on eggshells. If my processor malfunction, I have no way to function in life. I was not raised in the deaf community, I know some sign language, but I’m not fluent.
140	66	adjudicated	NAH	"Hi. The title sounds cold, but I am sincerely not sure what the right thing to do is in this case. I (17f) live with my mom (53f) and sister. Sister isn't really relevant.

My mom pays for a woman ""Adi"" (50f) to come clean the house once a month. She has been coming for about 5 months now. I do not see her often but always say hi when I do (probably 3 times max). We do not have a close relationship. 

I have an okay relationship with my mom. We are not close on a personal level because I grew up with her berating me on the phone to anyone that would listen. She would just always say I'm being bad all the time. I was raised watching the TV and never had that tender love you see on it. I only got tough love and basically she always took it personal and defensive if I ever cried. (This is ever since I could remember. Like 4 years old) If I ever cried for any reason I'd be told to shut up and stop being dramatic).

I do love my mom, but a result of how she raised me is that I NEVER tell her anything about my personal life. I don't feel that it would stay with between us so I just don't confide in her for anything. I very much hate when she blabs to random people about my personal life.

Onto the issue: Adi lost her son. My mom came to me spilling all the details of his death and the fact that Adi was going to take time off from work. 

Today, Adi came over. When I saw her I greeted her with my usual Hi, which she reciprocated in a friendly manner and continued on working. 

Later on, my mom asked me if I said anything to her about her son. I looked at her and told her that I said hi to her and did not mention her son. My reasoning being that Adi herself never disclosed that information to me. I felt I would be very disrespectful to bring it up especially while she is working and we do not have a close relationship. 

My mom said I NEED to say something and that its rude not to. I stood firm that it's rude to bring it up.

If it were me, I sure as hell would not want people coming up to me at work about something extremely personal as it would cause me to cry and give me a lot of grief while I'm just trying to get through my day.

Now, taking my relationship with my mom into consideration, I understand that I may have a very warped and wrong viewpoint about these things. So I could definitely use some insight and point of views that aren't my own (Unfortunely I do not trust my mom's judgement).

Please let me know your thoughts."
61	262	adjudicated	TTA	"My sister once promised my niece(11) a Labrador puppy as a reward for doing very well in school and her violin lessons. My niece did very well in both and is really excited since my sister said she's earned her reward, so I got her a book on dog care, just something for her to read while my sister works out where to get the puppy from. She told me that ideally the pup would be from rescue/shelter but she's willing to buy from a breeder.

Anyways, my niece read the book and a couple of days later asked my sister what neutering is. It is an English book and while her second language English is good for her age, she didn't understand that part. My sister asked me to explain it to her but I said no, making my sister upset. She said it's my fault my niece is asking the question so I should answer, and that I wouldn't have to deal with the awkward aftermath since I don't live there so I could at least spare her from having to explain it herself."
375	162	adjudicated	ESH	"My son Ashton is in the 4th grade and I share custody of him with my ex. We have a schedule where we basically get him one week each. There were times where she dicked me by taking extra days without giving me the same time back. For example, she took him to visit her family in another state and came back two days later because of ""flight issues."" Because that wasn't her fault, she refused to comp me with extra days. Stuff like that.

Ashton's school is connected to a park and every Friday they do PE there. Well he's 9 and does stupid things and decided to see how far he could climb a tree. He got pretty far and then fell out. He had to get emergency surgery on his leg and got a bad concussion.

He stayed overnight and then had another surgery on Saturday and released that day. My ex and I didn't discuss the custody schedule. We were concerned with other matters. 

On Sunday, my ex said she was going to pick Ashton up for the start of her week and I reminded her that he can't be moved around like that. He's still loopy from the concussion and medicine and how are you going to get a kid with a broken leg into your two seat Porsche? Another thing is that he's still not able to wash himself and he will NOT let his mom do that. Just me. 

I told her she can visit but needs to prepare for him to stay. She was angry but knew I had a point and there were doctor orders. Long story short, my son stayed with me six days later because my ex couldn't get the time off work whereas I WFH. 

Our 19yo son agreed to help take care of Ashton when Ashton needs a guy for something. Ashton can now use crutches and recovered from his concussion and can go back to school on Monday. 

My ex said she wanted to be compensated for the six days she lost by having Ashton by getting two weeks instead of one. I said nope. She said that was unfair. I reminded her of all those times when I lost days for things that wasn't her ""fault"" and you refused to comp me. It's not my fault Ashton's dumbass fell out of a tree and you couldn't get a week off so I'm not comping you. I told her I'm not going to be flexible with you when you aren't flexible with me.

Edit: No, my son doesn't get to pick and choose which parent he wants to stay with. That's basically parentifying him.

Edit: He couldn't wash himself because he was drugged up for a few days and it took a few days to clear his system. Also, he has a cast and can't get in or out of the tub. You have watch him because he will end up wetting his cast. Also he needs both hands to balance in the tub and obviously can't do that and wash his hair at the same time."
315	285	adjudicated	TTA	My husband and I had always had a plan to have a real wedding and celebration. We got married 10 years ago and we didn’t have any guests it was a simple justice of the peace wedding. At the time he didn’t really like my family because his in his eyes are “perfect” and mine aren’t as “professional” as his. He has been talking about us having a real wedding and I am very much against the idea because I recently lost my dad and he can’t walk me down the aisle. He has been very adamant that his dad could walk me down but to me that is not the purpose or point at all. I refused to get married and now it’s a huge fight where he is not speaking to me but we are already married own a house have a kid etc… am I the a hole?
45	77	adjudicated	INFO	"I (24f) am marrying SO (28m) this upcoming weekend and have experienced nothing but stress and drama from the In laws. For context Holly and Cindy are SILs and Donna is MIL.

   Last year I got engaged with SO and was excited about having a wedding and gathering all of the family together from around the US. I am not the traditional type and assumed I'd always to a court house wedding to avoid the headache but we agreed to have a real one. I assigned Holly and Cindy to both be bridesmaids and they were excited as can be. We are all younger and so I picked out the dresses and shoes to be under 50 dollars together while also being really cute. Nobody had a problem with it and I left it at that. 
     For more context I feel like none of the in laws have been active in being apart of the wedding planning at all. When I scheduled my wedding dress shopping day I invited Holly, Cindy, and Donna as well as a friend and a couple family members. Holly and Cindy both weren't able to come due to work but Donna said she'd come. The day of she wouldn't answer calls or texts until the last minute and said she overslept and wouldn't be coming along. 
       A couple of months ago I planned to go take Donna to get a nice dress for the big day because she didn't have any dresses and I wanted her to feel happy and beautiful for the big day. I left her with dress, shoes, and the receipt.
       A month ago I checked to make sure all of the bridesmaids had gotten their dresses and shoes and were ready. 3 out of the 7 told me to buy their dresses and shoes, including Holly and Cindy. I said absolutely not, please have everything 3 weeks before the wedding or I cannot have you be bridesmaids. 1 of 3 isn't coming to the wedding and Cindy and Holly both are just guests at the wedding now. 
    Two weeks ago I said if they still wanted to come to the bachelorette party I'd be happy to have them come and both ghosted me for a week. When they finally reached out I was hurt and just ignored them but then they started spamming me and asking if they were even allowed to come to the wedding(me ignoring them may be where IATA). I called them and we talked and squished the beef, or so I though. 
    Tomorrow is the recital and Donna said she can't make it because she is spending the day with Cindy to go dress shopping. I told her I needed her here and she said if she gets back in time she will come but probably not. I'm now under the impression that the dress I got for Donna is going to be sent back so that they can use that money to get two dresses because I have no idea why else Donna would prioritize that over this thing before the wedding which is important. FIL is still coming and I love him to pieces but I still feel hurt that Donna has let me down a second time and well as Cindy and Holly both. 

I am under the impression that because I booted them from the Party MIL is mad and just isn't prioritizing us at all and instead her daughters. Is this my fault?"
492	20	adjudicated	TTA	"Edit to add - I’m not arguing the legality of what my father did, or whether or not I (and my sister) had enough time to look through the jewelry. I think my father giving it to his replacement/gf is inappropriate, weird, and just offensive (especially to my SIL and aunts/mom’s sisters, who had NO opportunity to look at and choose jewelry items before he gave his gf the pieces he did. They live too far out of town to just stop by).

Background - my (30s F) mother died in mid-October 2022. A week after she died my father started seeing another woman. Someone he knew in college who he had reconnected with when he had cancer a few years ago, and had apparently been emailing since. They were exclusive to calls until that Spring, given that they were half a country away from each other. Since that time he has been with her every other month (at her home, her daughters homes, etc). He was going to leave the week we were having my mother’s funeral in May earlier (whole family went to where my parents grew up for it), but changed those plans after my siblings (also 30s) and I gave him slack for it (please don’t let our mother’s funeral get in the way of your vacation). He spent his birthday and Father’s Day with her, and is planning to spend thanksgiving with her family.

The present issue is that he decided he was going to sell our family home, and needs to go through all of my mother’s things and the other general things in the house. They lived there 40+ years so it’s a lot. I told my father around May that I was finally ready to go through my mother’s things but aside from telling my sister and I he wanted us to go through them, never gave us dates or times. Life also happens, so I really don’t have any other good excuse for not going through it than that too. He had 2/3 of my mothers jewelry sitting on the dining table for probably a month. My sister and I finally went through it and picked out what we wanted (some of the jewelry I wanted I forgot to set aside, but since I live 20mins away I wasn’t worried). My aunts were coming to town at the beginning of October and my SIL I planned to have a video chat with - my sister and I of course were fine sharing whatever my SIL might want, and then giving my mom’s sisters a chance to look through things after. 

My fathers gf came into town and they went to the beach house he (and previously my mother) owns. The time they were in town before going to the beach I had the opportunity to meet her and chose not to. The whole situation is extremely hurtful to me. How you could be married to someone for 40yrs and move on in a week is beyond me. Anyway, before they left his gf helped him arrange my mothers jewelry, including the last third we hadn’t gone through yet. When they did so he gave his gf several of my mother’s rings, with the assumption that if my sister and I didn’t want them they were free to whomever, I guess. He didn’t not ask or tell us, my aunt deduced it from seeing a picture of his gf holding up a jacket he sent to my sister to see if it was hers/she wanted it - she said it looked like she was wearing one of my mother’s rings, and I confirmed with him he gave several of them to her.

Him giving my mothers jewelry to her is a line for me me. My sister and I (and my mother’s sisters) are not ok with it. He did not ask before giving them to her, and even if he had I would have said no. I don’t care if these rings did not cost a lot, if my sister, SIL, myself, and aunts did not want them they would have been donated to dress for success, and the only person her jewelry couldn’t go to, in my mind, is his gf and her family. I told my father if I ever met his gf I was going to tell her I wanted my mother’s jewelry back. That is in fact probably the sole reason I would bring myself to meet her. He called me cruel and evil because he offered them to her (I don’t care, he shouldn’t have offered and she should not have accepted). 

Thanks for reading."
47	11	adjudicated	TTA	"I M(56) called my son(20) a lazy piece of shit. It all started when he turned 19, I said to him that he needed to get a home or look for a job, to start in life you know, but he won't, he's already 20 and the only shit he does for us is take the trash out and sometimes he refuses to.

One day I demanded him to go take the trash out, he went , while he was doing it I went into his PC to look at what he was doing there, I know it's wrong but man, he was in some bad shit, it was just porn, and not common porn , some was like fettish porn, I know when I was like 17 I was horny as fuck too, but that's too much, then I just let it there and waited for him to come back, and when he came, I just called him a lazy piece of shit who just  watches porn and can't even search for a job, he then started yelling at me saying that it was my fault and that I was an asshole, i think it's not my fault that you are a fat lazy perv, since i educated you to work hard and give it all, then be continued, said that he just wanted mom to break up with me and that he just wanted a dad that wasn't pressing on him all time to get a job.
I then said: if you don't want a job right now, go to a university, I'd pay it all for you, but if you refuse and don't get a job till your 20s, I'm sorry but I'll have to kick you out, he then just leaves in silence.

I'm now sad that I treated him that bad, when he was young he was a good and  smart kid, played football and had plenty of friends, now he stays all day in his bedroom and does nothing!"
240	393	adjudicated	TTA	"Wife is studying for med school, and we have a baby who is almost 1. She's constantly harassed by her mother, who we suspect has borderline personality disorder. Her mother emotionally abuses us every day, telling us how awful we are.

We're stuck living with her mother because my wife doesn't believe I can support us by myself. Even though I can, I've shown her the finances.

She's got a ton on her plate. I try my best to understand that. I do everything she asks me to do to support her.

But when I try to get some support back, it's like she can't believe I could ask for anything in return.

I have ADHD and rejection sensitivity dysphoria. So being around constant criticism is extremely draining and demoralizing. I asked my wife this morning (and multiple times before), if she could just be more positive in the way she gives me feedback, or to remind me of things.

She replied, ""so you want me to treat you like a child?""

She doesn't think I should have to be reminded of the hundreds of rules she and her mother has. I should just remember. She doesn't even seem to think I'm trying anymore.

I have never tried so hard to do anything in my entire life.

But it's like my efforts don't matter. I feel dead inside. Like I've been lured in by one person, and now I'm trapped by someone entirely different. Like nothing I do is good enough. When I try to explain this, we just go around in circles. I just want her to be nicer to me. She doesn't think I'm doing enough.

When she's not studying, she's just on her phone or with the baby. It's like if she doesn't want something from me, I'm just part of the furniture.

I've spent thousands and thousands of dollars on her bills. I go to work. I watch the baby when I'm not working. I don't get the slightest appreciation or support from her. It's like she thinks I shouldn't need it.

I just don't understand. I know it must be frustrating that I forget things. I told her that, I told her I'm trying to be better. But it just bothers her so much. And she gets to angry.

I'm tired of being criticized about everything. I'm tired of feeling like my best efforts aren't enough. Like I'm not good enough.

The central issue to all of this, I feel, is her awful mother. It's no wonder my wife has trouble with all of this. She's constantly screamed at by her mother. But so am I. And while I try to support her when she needs it, she doesn't seem to think I deserve the same.

Like I'm here to take care of everyone else, but I shouldn't need anything in return."
25	461	adjudicated	INFO	"Pretty much a re-post, because reasons.  


I'm living together with two roommates. A long time friend (about ten years), and her girlfriend. If I'm not mistaken, they must be together for almost three years now.
  

  
We decided to move in together since the housing prices nowadays are bonkers, and not a single one of us could currently afford it. They also wanted to be closer together, since they had a long-distance relationship at first, so I agreed to that. It's been about two years and it started off relatively normal, no real problems, and if something did come up, we got together and resolved the issue. For example, I'm extremely sensitive to sound, due to being on the autism spectrum, and my friends girlfriend repeatedly triggered it with all kinds of things. For clarification, she's got major aggression problems. So, everyone here has to deal with some sort of neuro divergency, to put it lightly.
  

  
She slammed doors, not just when she became angry, so I eventually reached out and talked to her about how it's affecting me and sometimes, even hurting me. There wasn't really a problem at that time, since she didn't do it on purpose, apologized for it and it actually got better for some time. Until she fell back into her old behavior, that is. So, I reached out again, cleared it up,and the cycle repeated itself. That happened about four times over the course of two years now, I think. But recently, it got even more irritating, almost as if she intentionally wants to hurt me. I think it is that way, because she started doing it again right after I mentioned that I wanted to move back to my hometown. It is so extreme, that she even does it in the middle of the night, keeping me awake.
"
309	120	adjudicated	NAH	"I (29 F) have been supporting my family since I have graduated university 9 years ago. My family consists of my Father, Mother, Brother A (28), Sister (21), Brother B (19). 

My father had legal problems early on in my career so I had to carry a lot of the financial burden, although he tries his hardest when he can. My mother was diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer right after I graduated university and has been steadily in treatment since. Brother A (28) has worked a total of 1 year and 3 month in his life, has been unemployed for a year now due to long covid, he left a promising job to focus on healing. Sister (21 is graduating from Architecture in July after being abroad for years (🩷), finally, my youngest brother (19) has graduated high-school over a year ago and is hoping to go into Medical school upon the wishes of my ill mother.

However, it has been an uphill battle to get him an admission anywhere. Because he does not qualify in places that we can afford, we have to pay extraordinary high yearly fees for him to attend medical school. 

This would be 6 years of an added financial burden. It's too much and I have expressed this to the family. However my mother and brother are both very upset (I feel for them truly specially my brother). I also understand my mother's situation is special. But I simply don't have it in me anymore. It's destroying me.

As you can imagine the last 9 years have not been easy for me. Because of my responsibilities I have neglected my physical and mental health severely, I don't know when I would have the chance to start repairing the damage but if I did I wouldn't even know where to start.

Additionally, there is so much in life I have not experienced. Because of the financial hardships I have given up on a career of my preference and worked whatever job I could to support my responsibilities. I have also never been able to be independent as I could never afford to finance two separate living situations. I'm 30 next year and I have absolutely nothing to my name, not even a room to call my own, nor do I have the capacity to start building anything if this situation continues.

AITA for drawing the line here?"
210	250	adjudicated	TTA	"In October I did a bachelorette trip with Ren (my MOH at the time from my home state), Mimi (my bridesmaid I met after moving) and 3 friends I met through Mimi. Ren has anxiety so I took care of booking lodging, activities, meals, etc. Everyone else flew but Ren drove 13+ hours with her bf Mac who she originally wanted to stay with us at the Airbnb (I really had to put my foot down). She said she needed a car & Mac's help for the stuff she was bringing. I had told her everything she could fit in a suitcase would be enough but she insisted. 


Ren arrived 5 hrs late from traffic and blamed Mac for putting off a thing for the trip. I knew she'd be anxious/feel like an outsider so I told Ren dont worry, bought her fave dessert and introduced her with things she had in common with everyone. Ren stayed behind to unpack and go to bed (we shared the master) while the rest of us went out for a 8pm activity.


The next morning Mimi got up early, bought groceries, made a breakfast buffet, and set up the rest of Ren's decor. Ren had also brought a hand-made cake, favors and games, but didn't initiate or help with food prep, clean up, making drinks, ubers, etc. She also didn't do herself any favors making friends with rude comments and talking a lot about herself. I didnt let it bother me and just enjoyed myself, like when Mimi invented a drinking game for me to drink when I say sorry. I’ll admit, having fun required me to tune out Ren when she complained about her clothes, her special drink order I messed up, etc. I didnt ignore her, just said ""hm"" or ""aw"" more often. 


On Sunday Ren reiterated the work she put into our swag. I thanked her again & said she should've saved herself the trouble by flying/bringing less. When I asked what took up the most space she listed everything again, sarcastically said “sorry for bringing decorations"" and disappeared in her phone. I asked if she was ok and she said something like “Not really"" but I let it go. Then Ren sat out another activity & said she had to go because of a work emergency for Mac. Before she left we hugged, I thanked her for everything & we said I love you. When the rest of us got back to the house Mac and Ren were still packing. I said we're going to do costume photos so she can join before leaving, then apologized for saying she should've flown and said “ultimately I’m just sad we didn’t get to spend more time together"" (intead of ""you were late and are leaving early""). Ren replied she didnt know what I meant and felt blown off by me. After a few minutes it became clear we weren't going to resolve things right away. I admittedly muttered ""knew I shouldn’t have said anything"" & went back downstairs. Mac packed up there and Ren left without saying anything.


The next day I got a long text about Ren dropping me as a friend with all the ways I upset her. Not sitting next to her enough, replying ""hm"" too much, and random things from long ago. Most if not all of her reasons could have been explained. For example, she apparently was holding a grudge that I bought my wedding dress without her even though I went shopping with her alone first and now live almost 700 miles away. She was also just generally pissed for not receiving more attention that weekend. That, combined with petty grudges I had no prior awareness of, were her only reasons for cutting ties with no further discussion. 

I really need an outsiders opinion now. AITA?

ETA: My friends read the message for me at the time to spare me stress before my wedding. I've already married and honeymoon-ed with my fiance 
(it was awesome!) and only just read her message today)"
260	287	adjudicated	TTA	"Background: I (21F) started modeling in March of this year. I started at a modeling agency that had a new branch in my city. This was a collab type arrangement meaning no one got paid for the work being done. I thought it would be fun. As months went on the environment became more and more toxic. We would do a shoot and only get the pictures 3/4 months after the shoot. If we had any type of issue the woman running the agency would threaten to kick us out if we don't ""suck it up"". 

Now: I had left that agency for another that in the past month has been much better than the first. I still had one of the pictures from the old content as my profile picture on my socials. Today after posting some of the new content i received a message from the old agency threatening to take legal action if i do not remove the photo. I told her i would but that i thought it was strange that she was only mentioning it now. She then went off on me telling me the attitude wasnt a good look and that it is wrong to take pictures from someone else's business (photos of me) and use them without paying and that it was a slap in the face. To my knowledge the content was not paid for in the first place so I was quite taken aback.

I let my current agency know about the situation and they said she has no legal right to press charges but to still delete the photo to just get her off my back.

So AITA for still using the photos after I had left?"
442	273	adjudicated	TTA	"Hi I (16) am curious if I'm the ahole for how I feel. I moved out/ was kicked out of my mother 's house slightly over a year ago now for backstory. My mother was narcissistic and awful to me most of my life. She was my adoptive mother and biologically my great aunt. I have now moved in with her child, my older sister(31f) who will I will call Ann and Ann's husband(31m), the grounds of my moving out are confusing but to put it simply my mother who I will call Sandy basically told me that she had never loved me and throughout my entire life I knew it but basically went off on the for insinuating that she had been a liar. Something I had never said and not actually really insinuated but she took a confusing conversation and turned it against me. My sister Ann has a daughter (3f) which we will not keep away from Sandy. However, until very recently Sandy has not reached out to us at all. I have not talked to Sandy in over a year. But randomly she texted Ann and asked to come over to drop something off for Ann's daughter Ann has already told me that I am welcome to stay in my room and ignore her and Ann's. Husband agrees. I told a family member however and they told me I was an ahole for not even trying to make amends with the woman. So AITAH?

For reference some of the basic reasons of why Sandy kicked me out/ I moved out were: I was an adopted child and treated that way, I am non-gender conforming and she is homophobic, I am pansexual and again she's homophobic, I would also like to say that after this downfall very few of my family members have talked to me and I recently found out why S has been saying that I had been awful telling everyone about my sexuality, as well as many lies that she made up about how awful the child I was."
263	96	adjudicated	YTA	"My husband and I, plus our two kids are taking a looooong overdue holiday this week. We live on a bit of land in the rainforest (important context) with 2 dogs, 2 chickens and a pet bird and had a housesitter lined up to come in and care for the animals. Two days before we were due to go, the housesitter pulled the pin. With few other options, we had to call my mother in law to come from interstate. We really didn't want to do this, because my MIL is and always has been next level dramatic... But we just ran out of options and time. She arrived the day before we had to leave and I ran her through the care of the animals while frantically trying to pack the kids and myself (my husband works away and met us at the airport). I run my own business (context because I'm frantically busy with work all the time and no, not always the tidiest human).

Three days in the holiday, we call my MIL to check in and let her know she's on speakerphone with our kids and she started screaming at us that the way we keep our dog is animal abuse because he should be on a farm, blah blah. (One of our dogs is a VERY high energy working dog breed, but we do have plenty of land and I exercise him every afternoon - so no, he's definitely not abused. He IS an A grade pain sometimes, but not abused) We were stunned and got off the phone. My husband called her back half an hour later once the kids and I had left the room and they had a massive blow up. She said our house was filthy (it's not - untidy definitely, but we have a cleaner every fortnight who does a deep clean etc). She was complaining that some light switches don't work, there's lint in the dryer, there's mould in the animals water bowls (rainforest - you have to scrub the bowls out every couple of days or they get lined with mould...), chicken shit in the chicken coop..... She said to my husband that she felt sad for us that we had to live like that and that is was animal abuse for our animals to have mould in enclosures (again, rainforest - mould grows EVERYWHERE, you cannot keep on top of that stuff 24/7). 

I hit the roof and said to my husband that I needed her out of the house by the time we returned and that I was done with her. Unfortunately that's not so easily done. She's digging in her heels and crying and saying she's sorry, she just feels sad for us because we have too much on our plates and its hard to see us living like this, blah blah. My husband will support me me whatever I decide here, but now I feel like digging my heels in and asking her to leave is petty. She hasn't reached out to me or tried to apologise at all, and I know from past experience she will just twist around what happened so she's the victim. 

AITA for digging my heels in saying she needs to leave our house (and my life)?"
188	210	adjudicated	YTA	"I (31F) am getting married at a destination wedding next year. Given that it’s abroad, I know that many of my friends won’t be able to attend, and it seems unfair to the ones that can to make them travel alone. So the plan is to give everyone the option of a plus one. 

The problem lies with my best friend, Dylan (not real name). He (33M) has been in a long term (4+ years) affair with a mutual friend. Not going to get into the details of that. Suffice to say that it’s not something I morally agree with or condone, but it’s not my business to stick my nose in. If I give him a plus one, there is no question he will be bringing the person he’s having the affair with, and I just can’t stomach the idea of enabling an affair to happen at my wedding. It goes against everything my partner and I are standing for and celebrating on that day. 

I’ve tried thinking of ways to phrase it so that it leaves some options, such as “you can bring X as your plus one if they are divorced by the time of the wedding” (there has been talk of a divorce, but something always comes up to prevent forward movement), but I feel as though that might be even more of an AH thing to do. 

So, WIBTA for not giving him a plus one when everyone else will get one and making him travel alone?"
360	98	adjudicated	YTA	"Today my mom came into my room unannounced when i was in the middle of doing something. I told her to leave multiple times but she didn’t. And when I said it again, she got mad and said that it was her house and asked what my problem was. She said it was my fault and started saying how annoying i was

so aita??

edited:
its just tylenol, and i didnt get chance to take it before that.
yea its her house, she owns it, she can do whatever she wants but i want privacy🤦‍♀️"
303	164	adjudicated	ESH	"I have an 8 years old daughter. I have a sister who also has a 14 years old daughter with her ex.

Our daughters have the same birthdays and it has always caused issues. We tried giving them joint parties but it was a disaster and both kids were unhappy that they couldn't have the party they want. 

So this year we decided it's best to have separate parties for them. My sister tried to convince her daughter to celebrate another day but she was being a brat and refused. They got into an argument and my niece called her mom a jerk. that got her party cancelled altogether.

So yesterday was my daughter's birthday and my sister kindly agreed to let us host it in her home since my home is too small. My niece was sulking the entire time and chose to stay in her room.

A while after the party started my niece rushed to open the door. Her dad and some of his close family members were standing there with a cake and gifts. This completely ruined my daughter's party. My sister didn't let them in so they stayed outside but it still got everyone's attention and some of the kids decided to ""join the outside party"" because apparently they had a better cake. My daughter ended up crying and my sister ended up threatening to call the police if they didn't leave.

I got into an argument with my niece's dad and yelled at him that he has no right to ruin my daughter's party and he called me the C word for making the night ""all about my daughter"" when it was HER PARTY

Edit: posting here was probably a mistake. I'm guessing most of you are teenagers so of course you are going to take the teenager's side. It's really sad that so many people have no problem with hurting a little kid'a feelings"
99	15	adjudicated	TTA	I (16f) have an older step brother (22m) who lived with us for about 2 months. during this i stated in a previous post that i had some concerns with his behavior. after that i found out that he had bought weed and alcohol for an old friend of mine (16f) and was out with her, from screenshots my friend sent me it seemed like he had the intention of sleeping with her though i have no proof he actually did. at the time i was really conflicted with what to do, and ended up telling out parents what was going on. especially because i had reason to believe this isn’t the first time he had done this. my step-mom (his mother) ended up texting him and telling him to come home and that they needed to talk. everyone but me and my other brothers (18m) ex girlfriend that still lives with us, (18f) was pretty shocked. after that my step brother refused to come home for 2 days, then came back really late one night and was gonna by the time everyone got home from school and work the next morning with all of his stuff. my stepbrother had a conversation with his mom saying he has no home now and is homeless, his mom is devastate, and my dad (who had hired him to work with him) is facing repercussions at work because my step-brother never showed up to work and never told anyone. his sister (15f) also lived with us part time and misses her brother. so aita for telling my family what he was doing?
389	40	adjudicated	TTA	"I’m the assistant manager and she’s the manager. She’s worked for the company 2 years and I started 4 months ago. 

I had a question about where 2 items were located. I just sent a quick text. 2 employees I was working with also didn’t know where it was. One was free w purchase and another was expensive so I really wanted to sell it if we had it. This is not a me problem it’s a problem if everyone who works for her has no idea where things are located. 

She told me not to contact her unless it was urgent and I’m the assistant manager and should be making decisions. 

It’s not a decision it’s locating an item. Anyways I was fuming because I used to manage a store and I would never tell my employees that. I said call or text me but I may not see it right away and I will do my best to respond.
Am I the a hole???"
378	62	adjudicated	YTA	"I’m a 25(M) 

I split rent with my parents & I would give money for groceries when needed. 

I indulge in smoking cannabis and I understand it has an auroma. They complained of the smell but I never smoked in the house. I smoke in my car, spray myself with cologne and go straight to the shower to bathe and change my clothes and go straight to my room. 

Our household has children in it and I understand setting an example.
I assumed the children were young enough so they shouldn’t know the difference between the smell of weed or just a plain body stench, right?

AITA?"
462	48	adjudicated	TTA	I (20F) did laundry today I ran the washer and when I went to switch the laundry it was a little wetter than normal. I didnt think much of it and continued to put the clothes in the dryer. I emptied the lint, turned it on and walked away. A few hours later my husband (21M) came home from work and asked for a towel to shower. I was feeding our son (15months) and told him there were some fresh ones in the dryer. A few minutes later my husband yells from the laundry room that the clothes are still wet. I told him thats okay just turn it on again for a little bit and it should be dry. He again yelled even angrier that it was too wet for the dryer. Me confused how thar could happen asked him to check the lint, maybe i forgot to turn it on, he then calls back that there was lint. Okay so it did run because i emptied it before turning it on. At this point i was very confused why it was not dry, i told my husband the dryer must be broken. He angrily came upstairs and yelled at me for not letting it dry in the washing machine before turning it on. Again confused i tried to explain to him that the washer does not dry clothes. At this point he became profusely angry with me and telling me it was my fault and he shouldn’t have to hold my hand thru doing the laundry. I dont know what to do at this point because he keeps telling me i did something wrong when i dont think i did. AITA?…
5	394	adjudicated	ESH	"Some notes\-when I say the biggest room, I’m not referring to the master bedroom

.-Im Australian so all mentions of currency will be in AUD

 - The rent of the house hasn't gone up and havent been using more utilities then normal

 - Rent is $620 per week, 5 people live in the house

&#x200B;

So I (M19) live with my parents and 2 siblings. I'm the oldest of my siblings and the only one out of school and working. I work between 18-24 hours a week and pay for my phone bill, food/drinks, subscriptions (except a family spotify membership) and any other fees. I pay my parents $120 a week, this is for rent, utilities and access to the wifi. Outside the bathroom and kitchen i'm in my room most of the time when home.

Today my parents asked me to start paying $150 a week starting two weeks from now. I told them that I refuse (more-so reluctant rather then outright refusal) to pay an extra $30 unless I get to switch bedrooms with my older-younger sister(16). Outside the main bedroom there are 3 other rooms in the house, 2 are about the same size while the other is about 50-60% bigger. I told them that I think it's only fair that if I’m having too pay extra i should be allowed to have the bigger room, especially since I'm already pretty cramped in the room I’m in while my sister doesnt occupy a lot of the extra space her room has.

Im now being complained about to other family members, I'm not sure what their reactions are to the situation but I know for sure that my parents are less then pleased about it. They say its unfair that my sister has too switch room just because I have to pay a “little extra”.

Personally I think its fair, but i would like others opinions on if im in the wrong.

To share why I think its fair, The 120 was originally proposed by them around 6-7 months ago, since then the rent hasn't gone up nor has my utility usage gone up. If the rent had gone up i would have no problems paying the extra but I feel like they only want more cause now they have less to fund their addictions. If nothing has changed yet they want more I think its only fair i get more too. Its not like their also living paycheck to paycheck either, my dad works fifo as a mechanic 7/7 and if your in australia then you probably know thats not a small paying job by far.

For those wondering why they want more. Its because my dad got laid off and is now in a position thats paying less, but dont get this wrong, he still gets paid more than enough but my parents are cig addicts and alcoholics.

Tl:dr Parents want extra rent, I ask for the biggest room(not master) parents unhappy."
298	487	adjudicated	YTA	"I (39 M) have a step-daughter Sasha (13 F) and my son Ethan (12 M). I had married Sasha's mother a few months back, and I have been very supportive towards Sasha.

The issue is that both Sasha's and Ethan's birthday falls on the same day. I asked them what they wanted, and Ethan said he'd like a Nintendo switch. Sasha said she'd like the same thing, but I did not want to indulge in two Switches. I thought it'd be better if both of them share it, and Sasha said that's fine with her.

I asked Ethan whether he'd like anything else, and he said no. That took me by surprise, but I did not bother getting another gift for him then. The birthday arrived and Sasha got the Switch. But she did not want to share it with Ethan then, by saying that ""he would damage it"" or ""I don't really want to share it with someone.""

I told Sasha that she had said it's fine with her, but now she's shrugging her shoulders and saying that she's changed her mind. My wife says that if she does not want to share it I cannot force her and ruin her birthday.

Ethan is now livid at me, accusing me of ruining his birthday, but I told her that it's out of my territory now. He blamed me for not getting one for him in the beginning, but I told him that I had nothing to do with it as I just did not want to splurge on another Switch. I asked her to take it up with Sasha. He demanded that I get him another gift, but I said that I won't be getting him another present either as he had said that he does not want one.

AITA?"
291	294	adjudicated	YTA	"Today I watched a video asking men ‘who comes first in your priorities? Daughter, wife, mom’ 

So I (22f) asked my husband (26m) “What is it for you?” And he said “daughter, mom, wife”. It was quick too, he didn’t even have to think about it.  I was visibly shocked. He asked me what was wrong and I told him “I just didn’t expect to be last” and he said “you expected to be before my mom?”.  I obviously replied “I mean yeah.. I expected to be higher priority than your mom” and his response was “she’s my mom” In terms of the ‘ranking’ I’m glad our daughter is his first priority. I just didn’t expect for me to be last. 

My thought process is, he chose me to build a family and life with. I tore up my body (physically and mentally) to bring his child into this world. 

My husband has and always will be my highest priority after our daughter. It made me feel really shitty that I’m not a higher priority than his mom. He says I’m an AH for being so upset, but I feel I have every right to be. 

Am I the AH?


Edit- I have moved on and am no longer upset. It wasn’t a thought out question. I was literally watching the video and he was sitting right next to me when I asked. I was simply just shocked by his response bc he CHOSE me to be his wife. I just didn’t think I’d be last on the list, but I can understand his thought process as well. My feelings were hurt, but it’s seriously such a little thing compared to our lives and how good of a father and husband he is. 

Edit- his mother has loved me from the jump and has never been weird to me. His mom was genuinely mortified by my husband’s response and told him about himself even tho I told her not to bc it’s such a small thing. (I called her to tell her lol) 

Edit- I do still believe I am not the ah here. yes, it was a silly question to ask, but I didn’t even think about it. I had a right to be hurt. I didn’t and don’t have a right to hold it against him tho. I am over it. "
348	206	adjudicated	NAH	"cw mention of pet death I live with my parents. Recently they hired someone to come clean the house once a month. So far she's been over twice. (The only interaction I've had with her was telling her to skip cleaning my room, thanking her and apologizing for the confusion, and then hiding away in said room.)

The first time she came over, she interacted and was fairly enamored with my senior cat. He's a very sweet and easy boy, and quite handsome if I do say so myself. She took pictures of him and sent them to my mother complimenting him.

Maybe a week after that first cleaning, my cat's health took a turn for the worst. In the end, I decided it was time to say goodbye. I was with him when he passed, and it was as peaceful as I could have wished. He'd given me nearly 20 years of love of for that I am forever grateful.

My mother apparently mentioned his passing to the cleaner, because when she came back a few weeks later she left a small framed picture she had made: a print of a photomanipulation of one of the pictures she took of him. It's very sweet and a bit unusual, it kind of reminds me of a Lisa Frank drawing. I love it and am honored she took the time; it means a lot that my sweet boy left such an impression on her that she did that after only meeting him once.

The problem is the quality of the actual print (not the image). It was pretty obviously printed on a clunky old inkjet printer with visible lines and uneven colors. I would like a better quality print and would be happy to pay for it myself, I just need the original file of course. I asked my mother to text and ask and she refused, saying it would be rude and I should appreciate what I was given. I do appreciate it though. I appreciate it so much I want to do the image better justice. 

As I will likely be home again when the cleaner is here next I plan on just asking her for it then. WIBTA?

PS: I have no intention of saying ""hey the print quality you gave me is shit"" or anything like that, I would just ask her for a digital copy that I could use as my phone background or something like that, THEN get a new print. Quietly."
444	328	adjudicated	TTA	"For context, me and my current roommate have been friends for a year. We are both college students and I met them last semester. Things were going great so we decided to room together this semester. At this point I had thought we were both trusting of each other which is the main reason why I wanted to room with them. So leading up to the event, it was a stressful week for both of us, many exams.

One morning, I got up and went to class as always. However, that afternoon my roommate message me saying “I would appreciate it if you don’t touch my bag” I messaged back saying “why tf would I do that”. They then accused me of taking a photo of their medication (My roommate have ADD and they were referring to their ADD medicine). Again I denied ever doing this, it basically turned into an argument where I had to keep repeatedly tell them that I didn’t do anything or even go near their bag. They insisted that I did and basically threaten that I have important papers in my desk too so don’t go near their bag again. This got me pretty emotional because I had thought we were at a point that we could trust each other not to do something so ridiculous. Later in the day we discussed it out in person and come to the conclusion that yes I didn’t do anything and they misheard something when I was getting ready in the morning.

The day after though, again this topic come up and this time they accused me of telling everyone about the event that happened yesterday. I did not. Another argument ensues basically boiled down to my roommate saying they are able to read others’ expression and knowing what they are feeling so they say they know I leaked something. I said thats ridiculous and telling them they are not an empath. They then quote some random book about being able to read body language that I can’t recall the name of.

Basically these arguments have been happening often and it all stems from that one event. I called my roommate paranoid in the most recent argument because I was done with their shit. I told them that I cannot continue living like this and them continuing to accuse me. So I gave them an ultimatum to either stop accusing me and argue or I will move out. They chose the former but not after another long argument. This is where I’m at right now. So AITA?"
122	320	adjudicated	NAH	"My partner (24f) and myself (26m) have been dating what will be 10 months now come this November. We have a solid relationship with great communication and what seems like streamlined communication. We both support each other and try to boost each other’s self esteem through our words and actions. This is not my first relationship and it’s not hers either. We met through friends and we really clicked. I didn’t know much about her before we ended up getting serious. Through a few months of dating everything was going well but I started to see her social media feed become a very show-offy feed. Some things I necessarily wouldn’t post or want seen by others but it’s her life and therefore her choice. We have talked about my feelings on it and she does see things from my perspective too. 

One of, if not, her favorite holiday is Halloween. She loves everything related to it from the pumpkin patches to the haunted houses. She really however loves dressing up and going out. I’m not the biggest party attendee but I’ll go and enjoy myself if my partner would like to go. We had plans to go out this past Friday night but those ended up being cancelled and she went out with a friend from home. All good things happen. Saturday came around and she told me she was going to a semi-local, big city by us for a party with some friends that I don’t know. She updated me on who these friends were which was not needed but a kind gesture. These friends were not ones she normally hung out with and it was a coed group. 

I told her that if she wants to go, to just text me and update me on her location and events. She said that was fine and off she went. Now this city isn’t the safest place in the world so I would like to know where she is and what she is up to if she’s changing places that she is at; like bar hopping or different apartments. We also touched on her outfit choices and she said that her friends had already picked out a group outfit and that she wouldn’t change. When she got to the one friend’s apartment she texted me and let me know she was there safely. I got some sparse texts while they changed into their costumes and had some pregame drinks. She sent me a few pictures and told me she would be safe and update me and that she loved me. The rest of the night ai received no texts or calls. (I didn’t bother her with multiple either.) I did see her posting on social media and she looked like she was having fun but I wasn’t getting any updates. She posted a video with her and what appeared to be a guy doing shots. I never got a text still. I texted her around 12 am telling her to be safe and have a goodnight. Around 11 this morning I got a text saying she was sorry and was drinking and forgot to update me. I still haven’t repsonded.  AITA?"
405	486	adjudicated	TTA	 I (16f) was talking to a group of people when my friend (16f) took a really ugly picture of me and sent it to my girlfriend. It made me really, really uncomfortable because it was a close up and I hated it. I asked her repeatedly to delete it but I think she took it as a joke and wrestled her phone away from me. I'd feel really stupid for making this into a big thing but honestly it upset me so much I'm crying right now. It just feels like a gross violation of boundaries and he'll I don't mind her having the picture but sending it to my girlfriend is a bit far. I know I'd have never done that to hat and I feel really disrespected. Do I get to be upset or am I just being too sensitive??
261	123	adjudicated	TTA	"For some background, I (M22) am a Christian. A lot of people instantly think I'm a horrible person when I tell them this, so I generally don't tell people what I believe. If you don't believe the same thing, that's up to you. On with the story: I met this guy at my job and we became friends pretty quickly, and I'll just call him ""Gerald"". One thing about Gerald is that he's gay, which I don't really care about bc it's not like I can change his mind, he likes who he likes. Anyways, last weekend he asked if I wanted to hang out on Sunday and I told him I had Church then but maybe afterwords we could meet up. He then got kinda quiet and just said ""Oh"" before leaving soon after saying that it would just be easier to not meet up. I thought it was kinda weird but didn't think much about until later when I got a text saying I was a huge AH for not telling him that I was homophobic, which I'm not. I genuinely don't know if I was rude or not, but I didn't mean to be. AITA?"
328	186	adjudicated	NAH	"So I live in Germany and we have 13 years of school here. 4 years of primary school, 5 years of middle and 3 of high school (it can vary based on your location). and those last 3 years are needed to get your leaving certificate, called Abitur. I was always an average grade student. My sister too, but she got worse at school over time. I‘m in year 13, she‘s currently in year 11 thinking about moving schools because our school is too hard for her (she‘s not stupid, just lazy). And yeah, as her grades went down, mine went up. I was always a little better at school which was like the only thing i was better at, she‘s “the pretty one”, has a great social life and is really funny. So I basically only have that one thing. Now year 11 is very hard for her and she wants to move schools to go back a year and she’s gonna go to a school that is, no hate, a school with people who aren’t good at school and she goes there to stick out because while she’s not that good the people there are worse. I hope you get what i mean. And i am still an average grade student, mostly Bs. Her grades are like C-D. 

So what happened then was that I said that that’s really good for her and i went to my room and started crying because i felt it was really unfair since she is basically gonna get her grades gifted by being the only person who is not a “problematic” kid while i’m here at school working hard and getting average grades. And it’s too late for me to move schools. My mum came in and asked me what was wrong and i didn’t want to tell her because i didn’t wanna seem like a bitch but after she didn’t stop asking me i told her and she flipped out and told me that my sister “needs it” because she’ll get way better grades with the same amount of work. I really don’t wanna be a bitch but am I the asshole for crying because my sister is gonna get better grades than me with less work?

Btw i didn’t tell her that, i cried in secret and after my mum basically forced me to say what’s wrong she called me ungrateful and such. I mean it’s just my feelings and i don’t wish her bad grades, just worse grades than me, otherwise she’ll be better at everything.

Oh btw it’s still the same certificate, same qualification etc.

TLDR: My sister is moving schools to one with a lot of not stupid but kinda yes stupid kids to get better grades just by being the only one who is not “problematic”. Meanwhile I am working my ass off and am still an average student and it’s too late for me to move schools and i was just jealous of how easy she’s gonna have it and my mum called me an ungrateful shit just for being sad i didn’t have that chance.

I feel like an asshole because I mean i should be happy for her but i’m not and i wish she stayed so i can be the “smarter” sibling but then again i can’t control my feelings and i didn’t even tell her, i only told my mum, i was planning on “suffering in silence”.

Edit: She’ll transfer in 2 weeks"
142	479	adjudicated	YTA	"So I’m  30F almost 30 weeks pregnant and my mom has not brought up a baby shower for me. I grew up going to all sorts of baby showers for multiple cousins and family members specifically with my mom. My mom even hosted a wedding and baby shower for my sister-in-law. So naturally I figured she’d offer to throw me a baby shower for my first baby. 

I think it’s odd that she hasn’t even brought it up or mentioned it, with me being this far along. I know they aren’t until a month before birth, but to not even have a discussion? Everyone at work has been asking me if I’m having one and I feel embarrassed for not having any plans. I texted my dad and asked if my mom has even brought it up while at home.

She texted me on his behalf and said her and my aunt had been planning to do one. I got a call from her today and she decided she wanted to be honest with me and tell me how she really felt. She offered to give me as much money as it would take to have a baby shower if we could just skip it, because she hates baby showers. I knew this is how she felt the whole time but was just hoping she’d want to make me feel a celebrated with my first child. It’s not even about the gifts or anything. I never see my family, ever, now that I’m older. I didn’t have other typical celebrations families usually have because my mom has always talked me out of them. This time I just want to be normal and make this time in my life special. 

I yelled at her and told her that she’s ruined a lot of life experiences for me and has caused me to be an outcast with her ways of keeping me distant from the world and lack of celebrating anything in life. I asked her if this is how she treated my sister-in-law. She said that she just felt comfortable enough to share that with me about how she truly felt, and that she was hoping I’d feel the same way. She tried to backtrack and say she’ll throw me one but I told her she already tainted the entire experience. 

Was I too harsh in my response?"
4	104	adjudicated	YTA	"My brother (37 M), who is two years older than me, has had anger and rage issues since he was about 11-12. My parents honestly were not aware or equipped to get him the kind of help he needed as a kid and since then he has only got worse. So much so, that he is unpredictable even in public settings and gets triggered easily. Most of his friends and extended family have distanced themselves from him, and about 5-6 years ago, I made the choice to set some hard boundaries when I started experiencing symptoms of PTSD myself due to years of dealing with my brother's emotional outbursts. Mind you, these are not normal tantrums. These are draining and emotionally wrecking and leave me completely shaken and unable to function.

My parents otherwise have been wonderful parents. Happy childhood, strong values, freedom to become my own person, and so far, unhindered support whenever we needed. My mother (72), however, has not been able to accept my decision and keeps pushing for a reconciliation (one of my boundaries is that I will not spend a night under the same roof as him). My brother has had a patchy employment history because of his issues, and refuses to seek help. He has also developed associated drinking issues.

This time when I went to visit my parents, my mother broke down in tears and called me an asshole for causing her continued stress and pain for not reconciling with my brother. She also told me that he will be homeless  and out of work soon and he will come to stay with them until he finds some other alternative and even if he doesn't, he has a place with them forever, as their son. She then proceeded to ask me what living arrangements would I be making when I visit them next. I was crushed. To me it sounded like my brother always has a place in their home and I don't, and I told her that. She blamed my rule of not staying under the same roof as the cause of trouble and told me that I need to be responsible for it, since I imposed it.

I have since asked my mother clearly to make a choice - confront my brother or run the risk of having me stop visiting them completely. She can either choose to host him and I don't visit them in my family home again, or simply ask my brother to make alternate arrangements for the week or so in a year that I visit them. They visit me for a couple of weeks every year and they are more than welcome to continue and I am with them for everything else but I would not be going to their home any more. Am I the asshole for demanding that from my parent?"
176	373	adjudicated	YTA	"For reference, I’m 23m and I live with my fiancée who is a similar age as well. For context, I have upstairs neighbors who have a 2 or 3 year old. There’s constant jumping, stomping, and running. While I 100% don’t blame the kid for just being a kid, I’m pissed off that his mom knowingly chose to live on the highest floor above people. I just feel like there HAD to have been a floor unit available she could have chose. The complex is long and not tall. There’s only 3 floors total with more of a vertical stretching design so I think it was definitely do-able. It’s multiple 3 floor buildings chained together so it’s not a tower environment. My fiancée is a lot more forgiving and she always says that he’s just a kid she can’t control him. To a certain extent I don’t disagree but I just feel like it’s a courtesy thing to:

1. Keep your kid from running around after 9pm and before 10am
Or
2. Or just be conscious of others and choose a ground unit

One time they woke me up with huge thumping and thuds, maybe jumping too? Not sure. But it was 5AM so I was really upset. I usually restrain myself from doing this any other time, but I grabbed a broom and banged on the ceiling. Throughout the day if it gets too excessive I’ll blast my anime or music from my tv or speakers at max volume to drown the kid out. I don’t do it the moment I hear something because I understand to a certain extent, but when it gets overly excessive that’s when I’ll do it. Am I in the wrong here? I just think the mom lacked empathy when she chose to live on the 3rd floor with a rambunctious child. I want to workout at home more instead of paying for a gym but I’m waiting until I move into a house soon so I’m not jumping and slamming over someone’s head. And even if she’s been there for years before she had the kid, she could have renewed her lease in a ground unit instead. I’ve been here for the past year and a half so I don’t know how long she’s been here. From august of 2022 to august of 2023 it wasn’t that bad. But she’s been in her apartment more with the child ever since September.



TL;DR: Loud toddler upstairs throughout all times of the day, not mad at the kid but I’m irritated with the mom who chose to live/continues to live above people knowing how much noise it’s causing. I blast music and loud stuff when it gets overly excessive. Curious if I’m in the wrong."
401	295	adjudicated	TTA	"I (13f) and my friends (approx same age) where at a holloween party having fun like you should. Before people started coming F1 (friend one) warned me about this kid. We’ll call him hunter. But F1 told me that he was a brat who screamed and treated his parents like crap. Me and F2 took that and left in the back of our head. Hunter wasn’t a real problem until the end of the party. We had done face painting games without incident. F1, F2, and me went to change into another costume, and once we came back out to party/dance. When Hunter and his little friends started throwing glowsticks at the back of my head. I chased them for a bit and F2 told me to ignore them and I tried but they were VERY persistent. So I chased them some more. F1,F2 and me went inside to hopefully get away from them and they chased us inside but luckily they didn’t go inside. F1 was in a room picking shoes to wear. F2 and me went to follow her and once inside a started to tear up because when I get real angry I start to cry. Me and F2 went go confront Hunter and his friends, Hunter had a handful of glowsticks. F2 had done most of the talking because she was the scary one of us. And eventually I screamed at Hunter somthing along the lines of “ YOU FONT KBOW WHAT THE WORD NO OR STOP MEANS!” And “YOUR A SPOILED BRAT!” I honestly can remember exactly but it was something like that we went back inside and the kids later ended up apologizing for throwing the glowsticks. I feel I may have gone overboard but he wouldn’t stop. AMITA?

Sorry about any grammar errors! I’m a fast typer and bad at spelling"
287	444	adjudicated	TTA	"I (17 F) and my mother don’t have the best relationship and I am the first one to admit it. We argue a lot... And I am not going to say that is totally fault because we both are guilty.

While I was in Elementary School, she began to put a lot of pressure on me (she said it was because I had good grades easily) and, at some point, it became a problem for me. I remember had swimming practice and saying I needed to have a 95% or higher and no other kids get it why. She told me if I didn’t get As, she would put me in an intern school. The pressure never made me study more or became obsessed with grades like some people are but made an impact (I talk to my friends, and they have some grade that’s good, but I can’t find it good). Now I’m in 12th grade and when the grade isn’t good enough, I end up crying (I can’t do anything about it).

I always was compared to any girl either about looks or about school habits. She, my mom, actually defended me when the comparison was about me looks (I was a chubby kid and now as a teenager still am but no one notice unless I wear short and revealing clothes) but she never said anything about my academic habits (I remember my grandma saying that a girl I knew did her homework first and then she eat some snack while I did the other way around and see some kids show while eating). I never said anything cuz I was a kid but when I got older, I got mad at all of it and exploded (it wasn’t the first time I exploded, when is my grandma saying anything about me, I usually exploded which it causes both my grandma and grandpa to being mad at me, maybe I have anger issues? Maybe!).

My mom had covid-19 (as well as my dad) and after that, she wasn’t the same. She cannot work anymore, and she don’t earn anything. She isn’t well, she sees a lot of doctors, and no one know why. A few months back, she found happiness in buy things. We were happy she found happiness again until the money she spent was a little too much. And that is the main reason she and my dad argue. I tried to talk to her about it, but she just snaps at me. At this point, I gave up. It’s like a circle, she snaps at me, and I snap at her. (I end up crying and she started to say, “You about to cry?” … Actually, I am. She also made a joke about taking me to the psychologist… Still waiting.)

She started to compare her weight to mine (she lost a lot because of covid), her hair, her looks. She started to say I shouldn’t wear my clothes because she doesn’t like them, she said I have no style and goes on. At this time, this is the same old.

The worst part is when she told me the fault of not keeping friends is mine. (I probably have attachment issues and because of that I tend to isolate myself and not going out.) She knows I had problems with old friends and knows it’s a difficult topic for me.

With the internet I discovered I maybe have mommy issues (and maybe daddy issues) and a lot of others… I don’t know if I am the wrong in this…

AITA by being mad?"
425	80	adjudicated	NAH	"I recently got a new camera and me and my friend went to toronto to take some pics which he asked me so he can take pics. I did gave it to him but he had a drone that he didn't even offer me to use. 

I am still young and couldnt find a job due to my parents working in unorganized times and I have to take care of my brother.

My friend always insults me about getting a job and I think I should do but I just cant because of my situation.

I wanted to find a way to make money with my camera and photos, I told him he found the same website I found and said that I cant share his photos there and he wants to share it there to get money.

My problem is not the fact that he is gaining money from photos that were taken using my camera, my problem is the fact that he barely shares his things with me. For example, he has a vr and drone that I never used and his vr I only played some games by doing some little arguments and then I had to play games he said. but when it comes to me I have to share. 

I made a instagram account which I gave him the password so he can share his drone shots but he didnt. I am good with website making and I wanted him to help but he didnt.

What should I do, I know it sounds childish but I am sick of him using me"
294	112	adjudicated	TTA	"I (18F) haven’t been having the best relationship with my father (49M) lately. He has been treating me as if I’m the bane of his existence; getting irritated and mad at me for small things. When I try to talk to him about it, he never apologises and excuses his behaviour for my brother never hanging out with us. It’s always me who apologises in the end. 

My father’s birthday is coming up, and he wanted to go camping on the public holiday coming up. However, I have exams that week, so I told him I couldn’t go because of them, and that I needed to focus on studying. My dad threw a fit because it’s for his birthday and he’s upset that I can’t go. He eventually decided to let me stay home for that long weekend so I can study.

But then my friend decided to have a halloween party on that weekend. My friend lives fairly close to my house as we live in the same small town. It’s a 30 min walk to get there, but my friend offered to pick me up and drop me off when it’s over. 

My partner (17NB) is also invited to this party, but the party ends at 11pm, and due to living around the other side of our state’s second biggest city (my town lives on one side their town lives on the other), my partner asked if it was okay to stay at my house for the night and leave in the morning, going on the train back home. 

I thought this would be all okay, since this was a 4 day week end, it would only be one day without studying (or i could just study before the party), and the party isn’t going to involve alcohol or other substances. But after talking to my father about it, and said no, and that me getting driven to a party and then dropped back off would be like me riding out to sea, my motor getting damaged on the way, and being unable to get help. I believe this is an over exaggeration, as it’s not like being picked up and dropped back home after a party (with NO alcohol) in the same small town with my partner would get me badly injured. It’s not like I’m going to be leaving the house unlocked either, as I have my own keys to the house. 

This caused a fight between me in my dad, as my dad clearly got upset just by even asking the question. In the end, my dad threw another fit, saying that I ruined his birthday. I told him that it wasn’t a good idea to go on a vacation whilst I have exams to do to begin with, but he just told me to get out. AITA?"
216	399	adjudicated	NAH	"My girlfriend and I have been together 6 years, getting married next year. We're in the planning phase of our wedding now.

For reference, neither of us are religious. Both atheists through and through. However, her family, especially extended family, is very religious.

While talking about our plans, I said I would like an outdoor wedding. She on the other hand told me she wants a church wedding. When I asked why, she said because all her siblings had a church wedding, and her grandfather (whom she is very close with) wants to see his grandchildren marry the Catholic way.

While both of us are atheist, I tend to lean more strongly on the antitheist side. I have a strong overall disdain for organized religion, and believe the world would be better off without it. So I told her that I absolutely would not want to get married in a church. I don't want one of the most important moments of my life to be intertwined with religion. I made it clear this wasn't something I wanted to compromise on.

She was upset when I told her that, reiterating how important it is for her and her grandpa. I told her it isn't his wedding, but ours, and she told me that it's supposed to be between two families coming together, and that I'm being selfish by not considering her family too. This went on until it got kinda tense, and we decided to table the discussion before it turned into an argument.

Her comment about my being selfish caught me off guard though. I want some second opinions here before we reopen this can of worms later. AITA?

tl;dr: girlfriend wants a church wedding to appease her family, I absolutely don't want a church wedding. Was told I'm selfish for disregarding her family's wants. AITA?

Edit: replace girlfriend with fiancee everywhere. Engagement is fresh, I'm still getting used to it"
166	26	adjudicated	TTA	I’m a twenty year old female, I have an older brother (21) and my mom ended up giving birth to my younger brother when I was ten (so he’s currently ten)… I call my little brother babe, not all the time and imo not in a weird way. He’ll be like ‘hey sissy’ and i’ll answer with a ‘yes babe?’ I’ve never thought of it in the same way I call my boyfriend babe, it’s just something I do. He’s honestly my favorite person and I feel like a second mom to him. The other day, I had a friend of mine tell me that it makes them uncomfortable that I call him that and that ‘he’s my brother I don’t need to be calling him babe’ and i’ve never even thought about it in a weird way but now i’m worried that other people who hear me say it think i’m creepy and i’m just wondering if it’s something I should stop?
429	427	adjudicated	NAH	"For necessary backstory. My partner (30f) and I (32m) have been together for about 7 years and have a kid together. We have a relatively solid relationship but things got rocky when I caught her flirting with another guy and hiding things from me, we’re working on rebuilding trust and besides a few small hiccups along the way all is good.

So she goes out pretty frequently with her girlfriends on the weekend, out drinking and dancing and even though I get a little anxious about it because of what happened, I don’t make a fuss because despite what happened she still needs to go out and have fun, and it’s unfair for my insecurities to hinder that. However, about a year ago she started a new job and has made some new friends/acquaintances. She goes out with them every once in a while for drinks and such, and that’s all good. But she got invited to go out drinking and clubbing with them. Where I feel uneasy is that there are quite a few guys, which isn’t inherently a problem but I don’t really know any of them at all. I feel like this new friend group is a completely separate part of her life, the few times I’ve “met” them, more-so in passing, I haven’t been introduced, and they don’t even really care to talk to me. I guess I just feel uneasy, because she’d be out dancing with a bunch of guys that I don’t even really know, and because of what happened my feelings are exacerbated. 

Would I be an asshole to tell her I don’t feel comfortable with it?"
269	122	adjudicated	NAH	I (F18) have a huge spending problem which was really really bad during 2020, which has lead to me racking up a lot of clothes and merchandise that I liked at the time but do not like anymore. I want to sell the merchandise and donate the clothes, but today my mother saw the 5 trash bags of clothes and a box full of items I wanted to sell and got annoyed. She said she isnt yelling at me but she used that tone of dissatisfaction. I told her that most of this stuff I wanted to get rid of since end of last year, but she said that I have wasted a lot of money. I am aware of that and I feel really bad. My dad has spoilt me my entire childhood. But my mum does not want me to sell the items or donate the clothes as she believes it will become a habit. She offered to go through the clothes to see what can be kept, but I see this as a privacy issue. I was hesitant of telling her i wanted to donate the clothes as I knew she would say something like “Why are you getting rid of this! This cost a lot of money” despite me not having use for it anymore. She has said that numerous times throughout my childhood when I have wanted to pass clothes on to my cousins. So typing this right now I realise that I should communicate with my mother better, and I know I have a big spending issue but I am working on it this year, with having items i want in my wishlist for two months before purchasing so I know if i actually want it or if it is just a phase. But I am wondering if I am a complete asshole, or if my mother is controlling a bit. Like is this a sign of being controlling and we are both in the wrong, or am I only in the wrong.
167	7	adjudicated	NAH	"Me (21 F) was struggling with finding a place to live since I had just gotten out of a abussive relationship and currently living with a “friend” that all he wanted was sex and I never gave that to him so he ended up kicking me out, and another “friend” told me it was okay if I moved in with her (21 F) and her boyfriend (20 M) at her in laws. Her in laws were super nice to me and her. They never asked us to pay for bills or groceries nor anything. Once in a while I would buy groceries for all of us in the house. And once a week would buy snacks or drinks for us. My friend and her boyfriend would keep almost everything in their room and only gave me partial of the stuff. Every time I asked to be taken somewhere I would give gas money. At the time I would say to my self I’m living under her in laws I have to help them out. 2 months I stared talking to a guy and I asked if they wanted to travel they wouldn’t have to pay for anything. I paid the gas my soon to be partner payed the air b&b and expenses made during the vacation. When we got back home she asked to borrow $300 to make their car payment and she would pay back. And we lent it to her. She also had a small bakery business and she would ask me to buy her ingredients (this was during valentines and Mother’s Day) From her business I never saw a $1 back. I would say her business is her responsibility not mine. 
Time passes and she wanted me out the house cause I liked to party and do my stuff and she said that I was disrespecting the house. I personally asked the owners of the house if it was disturbing or they didn’t like it and they told me “no we were young once and we loved to party just like you do” timed passed and she completely stop talking to me. Stole like $30 and took everything out the room and even the inflatable bed she allowed me to use. There was days I would help her dad detailing cars for no charge. She would use the stuff I would buy for the bathroom, my hair mask etc 
I moved out like 4-5 months ago 
So WIBTA if I ask for my money back that she said she would pay back?"
111	423	adjudicated	TTA	"I’m 15/F. My parents are divorced and I live with my mom and usually I don’t even see my dad a lot. But right now I’m staying at my dad’s house because my mom is in another town dealing with an emergency that my grandparents are having.
  

  
Two nights ago my dad and I got into a bad argument so I left his house to go for a walk. He did tell me not to go but I was too mad at him to be able to be around him. When I came back my dad locked me out of the house and wouldn’t let me come back in. So I called my uncle because he lives close and asked him if he could come pick me up and he did.
  

  
I didn’t text or call my dad or anything to tell him that I was getting picked up by my uncle and he didn’t know that I went anywhere. But later my uncle called my dad to come get me and when my dad got there we got in another argument about how I should’ve told him where I was going. 
  

  
I think that I have the right not to tell him because if he cares where I am he shouldn’t lock me out. He literally didn’t even know I was gone until my uncle called him so obviously he doesn’t actually care. But what my dad said is that I put my uncle in a bad position by not giving him or my dad all the information, because what if he had called the cops and my uncle had gotten in trouble for it looking like he kidnapped me, because it would’ve looked like he was lying, because if they asked him he would’ve said that he picked me up since my dad wasn’t home.
  

  
I didn’t think about getting my uncle in trouble and I would feel bad about that happening so was I wrong here? I asked my friends what they think and most of them said my dad is wrong but a couple of them said that I should've at least sent him a text.
"
296	307	adjudicated	TTA	"I (16f) have an older brother (23m). He stays at home being overweight and playing videogames all day and he's a man child. So we went grocery shopping today and he bought muffins and I thought they were for everyone because when we usually all go together we get food for all of us, me, my brother, and my sister (21f). But in recent weeks he's been getting worse and getting things all for himself and being more spoiled and jerk like. So when we were putting the groceries away he opened his muffins that he bought and I took one and partially ate it. He saw it and swore at me saying that he would f**king k*ll me. My mom said she would just buy him more but he swore at her too. He also said that I don't give him anything either, but the thing is I think he steals my money. 

My ""proof"" is that I supposed to have 50 dollars in bills and not coins. But last night I was getting money to get snacks for a movie with my friend but I only had 35 dollars and I keep my wallet at home and I don't really buy anything. The only people at home while I'm at school is my mom in brother since he failed and dropped out of college. My sister also stays home but only on Tuesdays and when I asked her about it she said she hadn't seen anything and she doesn't go in my room when I'm not there since she doesn't have the same interests as me. But my brother randomly has the chance to get new games that seem a little out of his budget.

So AITA?"
187	67	adjudicated	NAH	"all mid 20s

I started dating my boyfriend about a year ago and have gotten pretty close with his friends from college as well (mostly girls). We all go out drinking somewhat regularly, and as girls do, they like taking pictures of everyone while we're out

I've never been a social media person, I've never been a huge partier either but they're fun and we have a good time. Recently a new app came out (Lyse? Something like that) that's apple only and I'm the only one with an Android, so I can't see it. I know it's a public feed like Instagram, but there are also private feeds as well. I guess it makes your picture look like a disposable camera

My boyfriend showed me a picture of me drunk on the app, and it bothered me until I clarified that it was his private feed, not public. But it's still making me uncomfortable to think our friends could be posting pictures of me while we're getting hammered to an app I have no access to/no way of knowing who does have access to it. 

I'm not sure about to go about this one. I don't want to have to ask to look at someone's phone the next day to view everyone's feed, but we've all taken some doozies of each other in the past and I guess I liked being able to check that nothing crazy got posted. That being said, they're all enjoying themselves and it feels a little accusatory of me to imply they'd post something I wouldn't approve of (tbf, no one has). It's one thing to have this conversation with my boyfriend, not sure if it's something to bring up to his friends or if I'd be the asshole telling people what to do with their own phones"
367	327	adjudicated	TTA	"Recently my close friend, Chloe (25F) got a job as a vet tech at the vet office I take my horses to. I’m really happy for her because it’s an industry she thrives in, but I’ve noticed it has given her some form of a superiority complex over my knowledge and ability to care for MY horses. Chloe has never owned a horse, but has been riding/working with them off and on for a few years now. For context, I (23F) have two horses, Jean (10F), & Booger (23M) & have collectively owned, ridden, shown, and worked with horses for 12 years. I worked in barns for 8 years, and have managed a separate barn/training facility for 2. I have had Booger in my life the entire 12 years, and Jean for 7. I’m not saying I am the catch all for every single form of knowledge about horses/horse health & wellness but I believe I am pretty well endowed in terms of experience- and in the horse industry you literally never stop learning. 

Lately I’ve noticed Chloe has felt compelled to tell me what I should be doing to care for my horses, how I should be doing it, and when I should be doing it, completely unsolicited (neither of my horses have needed any reason to go in recently terms of health, injury, or maintenance). At first I didn’t think much of it because she is that type of person by nature & I don’t mind it, but I realized she’s being going into my patient file, reading through it and basing what she says I “need to do” off of the information in my file. She started regurgitating information about my horses or the care they had received at previous appointments to me that I had never disclosed to her. 

It’s gotten to the point of where Chloe will call or text me while she’s at work just to talk about a previous vet visit from X years ago, a horse’s chart that I used to own, and even bringing up the events that led to the euthanizing of one of my childhood horses in 2020 that is still listed in my file (the death of my horse is an extremely sensitive subject that I don’t like to relive because it was single-handedly one of the worst days of my life). It’s starting to really bother me because I don’t like how she feels entitled to try and almost “parent” my horses because she thinks she knows what’s best for them. In the past, Chloe has watched and cared for my horses for me in terms of feeding, refilling water, and checking in on them when I was traveling. While I am extremely grateful for her help, how compassionate she is, and knowing I can rely on her in a pinch, I don’t like what’s currently going on. 

I myself have worked in the horse industry long enough that I have a formal enough education & an advanced skill set when it comes to equine first aid, and I know my horses like the back of my hand; I believe don’t need someone to tell me when to get XYZ care done for my animals and I am capable of knowing why and when I should contact the veterinarian or farrier. Would I be the asshole if I asked Chloe to back up a little and stop trying to micromanage me & my animals? I know she thinks she’s coming from a productive place but I feel like she’s crossed a line with going through my patient file without any reason.

EDIT: To add, she works as a vet technician under the vet I prefer to have my horses see when possible. "
191	375	adjudicated	YTA	"My buddy Charlie and I have been best friends since elementary school. We text every day, send each other memes. And other dude stuff. We are both 25. 

A year and a half ago he met this girl online named Grace. They dress the same, have similar interests, and seemed like a good fit. Here’s the thing. I love Charlie, but he’s always been a submissive dude who kind of puts up with way more bs than he should. For example, he chased this girl for years who treated him like shit. And just has issues with confrontation. So it’s not hard to see how he can be controlled easily. 

Grace doesn’t seem bad. From what I’ve seen.  But our friends don’t really “know” her. Before her, all of us would hang out all the time. Play video games, watch football, say stupid shit, and hang out. Sometimes she’ll come but not speak much. Now they live together 40 min away, and we see him like once every 1.5 weeks or so. 

He went from living with his parents like us, to living at her place and now I get the sense that he thinks he’s better than us. But I think Grace is controlling and obsessed with making him mature and starting to pay his own way just because she’s struggled in life from what he’s said. 

I ask “Wanna get food?”  He says: “Can’t I have plans to take Grace out for our _____ anniversary” And it’s some bs thing they’re celebrating. I called him whipped and he keeps telling me that HES the one who’s a romantic and sentimental. And then implies that we are jealous because we don’t have girls. 

That’s not true. It’s just you don’t abandon your friends when you meet somebody new. We can tell he’s extremely obsessed with her and never stops talking about her 24/7. “Grace and I did this” Grace likes that. It’s like ok bro we get it. Grace never makes any effort to hang out with us. But he hangs with her friends and “has a good time”"
67	46	adjudicated	YTA	"My parents have offered to pay for me and my son to travel to Maui, but haven’t invited my wife.

For context: My wife and I met in the USA 10 years ago and we moved to Australia (she is Australian) just before COVID.

During that time we had a son who is now 2, and he hasn’t met my parents in person but they've met a few times via FaceTime.

They are pretty absent, hence me being happy to move to Australia. My wife and my parents have a fractured relationship, as do I to a degree. My parents aren’t exactly involved or great communicators, they don’t FaceTime, nor did they call our son or send any card to acknowledge his 2nd birthday, which was 2 weeks ago.

My mum has since come up with this idea that it would be great if they could fly myself and my son over to Maui (at their expense cause we can’t afford it) for a week so they can meet our son. My mum is at a conference in Maui with my Dad, and thought it would be great if we could all meet there.

More context: my wife is the primary carer for our son and is currently home full time with him whilst I work full time.

My wife is upset that I would consider taking him without her and thinks I’m being unreasonable.

Her reasons:

* Our son has never been separated from her for more than a few hours.
* Our son doesn’t go readily to strangers and whilst my parents are family to me, they are strangers to him.
* it’s unfair to take him on his first overseas trip without her, she wants us to experience this as a family, together.
* we are a package deal, it’s all of us or none of us.
* I’ve never had our son for more than a day on my own, she thinks it’s too much to manage a 2 year old on my own, on his first OS flight and then for a week with people who are strangers to him, with no support. I think my parents will help, she thinks our son will struggle because he doesn’t know them and will want his mum.
* She is worried he will have separation anxiety and doesn’t want to throw him in the deep end. She would prefer to manage separation by starting slowly, like a day a week at pre school, not a week in a different country without her.
* she is a first time mum, she flat out does not want our son to go overseas without her.
* she thinks it’s more reasonable that my parents travel here rather than ask our 2 year old to travel there without her. They are the adults. My Dad has recently had an operation and doesn’t want to do such a long flight.

I can’t help but also think, the bigger reason she doesn’t want us to go is because she doesn’t like my parents.

Regardless of the strained relationships, I want our son to meet my parents and we can’t afford to go without their help.

Am I the asshole for accepting my parents offer, and taking our 2 year old to visit them overseas, without my wife?

UPDATE: formatting for ease of reading"
366	267	adjudicated	TTA	"In May, after my [25F] BILs [18M] graduation, my in-laws [55F, 53M] told us they were getting a divorce. They told us they had been separated since June but cohabiting for my BIL’s sake. They told us that we would still all have our family holidays together, like birthdays and Christmas. This helped lessen the blow a little bit.

One of the few indicators ahead of time of the impending divorce was how much time my FIL was spending with his work friend Dia (fake name).

In June, my FIL tells us that he is now dating Dia. He apologized that it seemed fast, but in his mind he had already been separated for a year.

Over the months, FIL would invite us to do things with him and Dia. We appreciated the thought but we were not comfortable with Dia, so we accepted rarely.

November, FIL tells us that he’s moving in with Dia. After Thanksgiving, my FIL invites us to have “second Thanksgiving” with him, Dia, her son, and BIL. At “second Thanksgiving” things are awkward. We’ve only talked to Dia a few times and haven’t talked to her son at all. Towards the end of the meal FIL tells us that he wants to discuss Christmas.

For context, Christmas has always been a huge deal for my husbands family - they always go all out and have a huge Christmas celebration with our extended family and friends.

FIL says that he can’t come to Christmas. He just can’t do it. Going forward, we won’t see him at functions without Dia. He tells us he wants us to have Christmas morning with him, Dia, and her son, and then later in the day we can go to the house to be with MIL and the rest of the family.

BIL responds, he’s not going to abandon his mother on Christmas morning. He says that we can come visit FIL and Dia at some point during the day, but that we aren’t going to leave the Christmas we had known behind. My husband and I agree. My FIL is clearly upset by this but says he will have to “hash it out” with MIL.

As the days go on I get more upset about what my FIL said. I’m mad because I feel like my FIL should suck it up and come to Christmas for his kids. I’m mad because FIL ambushed us with his Christmas plans when we were in front of Dia and her son to try to pressure us into saying yes. I’m mad because he lied about us still having family holidays together. I’m mad because FIL is prioritizing his new family over my husband and BIL. 

I feel like I should tell FIL this, but I don’t know if it’s even worth it at this point. I think it would mean more if my husband told him this, but he is not confrontational.

WIBTA if I called out my FIL for not coming to Christmas?"
127	203	adjudicated	NAH	"My husband and I have been married for 10 yrs. At the time his sons were ages 3 and 13. While I have a daughter with special needs that was 18.  We all live in a house I inherited after my husband and I got married. My stepsons being now 13 and 23 to say its been a journey is a understatement lol. I love them. Yes they drive me nuts and to know the true meaning of being  ""Boy Mom"" is crazy. I love them like my own, I defend them like my own, raise them like my own.

 My oldest stepson and I honestly bump heads and when we do its a blow up. I honestly believe its because we're more alike than he would like to agree on just based on our relationships between our other parent. Me and my dad versus him and his mom.  I can be honest and say I've had to make changes in how I communicate with men. I started working in this before I met my husband. I'm a reformed man eater in training.

 My stepson a great kid! Smart, funny, protective of his family and  hardworking. He's a great person however his communcation skills like my own needs some work.

 When he expresses his feelings when he gets angry for whatever the reason he gets to a point to where he doesn't hear what you're saying. He acts like people are just ganging up on him. He becomes mad aggressive and disrespectful which if I don't watch myself triggers the FUDGE out of me. If you try to pin a conversation until cooler heads prevail he wants to push the conversation forward causing more chaos. Its like battling with my Dad  ALL OVER AGAIN AND in my house. 
Just to give an example an agruement sparked between he and I. Something stupid at this point that I don't even remember why. I asked to pin this conversation he says no. We're in MY ROOM when this sparks off. I ask him several TIMES to leave my ROOM and he says NO. Like WTF!  I have PTSD from a previous DV relationship so this was triggering as hell for me! My husband and I have talked to him about his communcation and how he expresses himself but he always makes it like we're out for him. 

 I love him but I can't continue having these experiences with him. Its too much and very draining mentally."
274	298	adjudicated	ESH	I been dating my boyfriend for 3 years now and things are getting pretty serious where we are looking to move in and getting engaged soon. My boyfriend (M29) is the only boy in his family and then there’s his sister who’s (F27) they have a really close bond because there dad was never around so he basically was the dad figure. At first I could tell his family didn’t like me much but I felt it was because they felt as if I was taking him away. I’m not going to lie and say I’m perfect I’m def a very sassy and I have a strong personality I know I’m not everyone’s cup of tea however my boyfriend LOVES me for me and has worked with me to not always be so sassy lol. Anyways these 3 years I have really worked on that and on making sure his family never feels excluded and that he has full days with his mom and sister with me not being there. I encourage him to get his sister cute little gifts and I even have bought her stuff my self. His mom started to open up to me anymore and sister did as well however with his sister I never felt it was genuine and I felt like my boyfriend couldn’t see it. Well finally this Halloween I invited her to the party me and my boyfriend were hosting and his sister brought these girls with her. Two of them were her friends and the other one was a friend of a friend. Anyways later in that night I had a altercation with that random girl (mind you I’m not fighter I never been in a fight I wasn’t raised like that) this girl grabbed me by my hair and started to fight me and I tried to defend myself the best I can. Here’s the problem … since I was fighting for my life I didn’t notice his sister tried to jump in to also hit me and tried to fight me. My friends pushed her off me and didn’t like her touch me but she kept screaming that she’s always hated me and that I’m not right for her brother. My boyfriend is the sweetest and he loves his sister I simply would never make him choose but I’m so done and I don’t think I can continue a relationship with him if she’s still part of my life and doesn’t get told anything. I need advice.
102	19	adjudicated	TTA	"So, I(40M) have a younger brother(37M) and he has two girls(17F and 12F) who he abandoned for a new girlfriend and step daughter 7 years ago. 

I live with my mother(70F) in the house me and my brother grew up in and the girls come to stay every three weekends. They basically get spoiled by me, my mum and my late father who passed with cancer on the 25th of Oct. 

The girls are mine. Legally? No. But that doesn't mean anything. They don't call me dad but I'd say I'm certainly seen as a father, especially to my older niece.

Upon my father's passing, my brother wants to come down to stay with the girls with the step daughter and his new son. Both girls were okay with this thought and that's where I think I may be the AH because I blatantly refused to have him here while they where down.

Now, don't think this is like me being possessive, it isn't. Last time they seen their dad face to face he hurt them alot. He broke two young girls hearts and left us to pick up the pieces.

AITA for not wanting to put my nieces through that again?"
220	382	adjudicated	ESH	"I was playing with him recently some games with one plus of my friends and he started singing/doing sounds with his mouth. He knows that it gives me headaches but he keeps continuing doing them to the point I got mad and yelled/screamed at him to shut the fuck up. Then he got mad and left the call. So am I the asshole for that? I've been telling him for over a year that his singing and making sounds like chewing gives me headaches. So, Am I the asshole or not?

&#x200B;"
376	425	adjudicated	NAH	So, today my mother video calls me (34, F) and my sister (32, F) to tell us she had “big news”. She proceeded to announce that my cousin who does not live locally would be in town in four weeks (the start of December) and she would be having a “surprise wedding”. I confirmed the date with my mother and then said I would actually be out of town that day for a paid gig with my side job as a singer. My mother was shocked when she heard this and said I was being an asshole for not immediately cancelling these plans to celebrate with my family as in isn’t my real job, just a side gig. This gig was organised around six months ago as it is a Christmas Party and dates in December typically book out fast. For added context I rarely see my cousin and haven’t spoken to her in years. She and her partner have been together over ten years and have two children together. I don’t feel like this is a an occasion I particularly need to go to but my family now all seems to agree that I am choosing the wrong event. Am I the asshole for choosing paid work over her “surprise wedding’?
157	218	adjudicated	NAH	"I'm really confused about this situation. To sum it up, my mom gets mad when I obsessively clean the house.
For context, I've slowly left my childhood home as I've studied in university for 5 years, and it was financially hard to visit my parents every week, but still I've always had a good relation with them and I've always liked to visit them.
In the meanwhile, I got acostumed to a new lifestyle. My parents didn't teach me the basics of hygiene during childhood, they didn't care that much and for years I didn't either. Everything changed when I got my own home, it felt like a fresh start and I felt at peace to live in a clean space, and having dirt and messes made me freak out.

I became more and more uncomfortable staying in my parents' house because it was always really dirty, moldy (humidity problem in the house, some parts of the walls are really black) and filled with dust (i'm allergic to dustmites). Every holidays was just cleaning the most I could, catching a bad cold, coughing, and doing it again for the next time. It was frustrating but I could manage with that.

On september tho, I returned to my parents' home bc my job left me with a burn-out and they gladly welcomed me, which I found deeply touching. 
The problem is that their absence of hygiene is driving me mad. I can't stay with a dirty environment without catching a cold, coughing, etc so I committed myself to cleaning thoroughly and pointing out to my mother/father when/where it was dirty. 

The thing is that she's getting more and more irritated when she sees me cleaning. If I scrub the kitchen counter in the middle of the afternoon whenever she wants to serve herself a coffee, she will show her irritation, and I keep multiplying these kind of situations. One time I noticed that a jar of jam was moldy (bc not put in the fridge but stored at room temperature) and I said it was stupid to put it there, and it vexed her. 

1 hour ago, I was doing the laundry and she saw me putting towels to clean at 60°c. She said ""but they won't be soft, cleaned at this temperature"", I answered that I wanted to get rid of the bacterias (which I find important since mices are currently hanging out in the bathroom at night), and she got mad saying ""I'm getting replaced anyway in this house. I don't even own it"".

I think I understand that she is getting mad that I interfere with her system, but I just can't put up with dirt and uncleanness. I know that when I was a teenager I wasn't helping out a lot, but I willing to do it now. 

My father sees it from a good eye and even teach me to do some things around the house, but I feel like my mom is slowly hating me. She won't talk to me sometime, and I feel hurt because we've never had arguments like this before. ATH and just being self centered and insensible ?"
228	286	adjudicated	ESH	"Me ( 27F) has a single mom ( 55 F) , as my dad divorced her about when I was 5 , since then my aunt aka my mom's sister has been a big part in supporting our family, as she is very wealthy due to her cosmetics brand. She has a daughter (17F) , who is usually pretty nice, though very out of touch of others, and I know this cause, once at a family dinner, everyone was just discussing about world hunger and she straight up said, ""I'll get them a burger.So easy . ""  She is spoiled but not a brat mostly. She is my only cousin so I adore her. 


She has had 3 boyfriends, which to me is very wild, but her mom doesn't care. She wasn't really attached to her first one, but really seriously with her second one and when they broke up had a serious meltdown and after that was really heartbroken. And her behaviour after that really worsened. Her grades dropped, become more of a brat and started yelling at her mom and my mom too. I am currently in a relationship, and she ( well I didn't want to say this) had eyes on him . She started flirting with him and in a big sister manner only told her off, she said she was just joking and wanted to her heart lighter. Now she has another boyfriend and when I was passing by her room in which she and her new bf, I heard her yelling at him and calling him names. I know the dude and he is super super sweet and she is completely wrong. 


After a while I heard her talking to her friend about how much of an a**h*** her bf was and after her conversation, I told her that her bf is very sweet and that she should stop telling him off. She called me a b word and said to mind my own business. I told her that I am older and she need to treat me like that and that she would need to lower her standards  or else her bf will leave her and she could possibly die alone. I told her mom and she said that she would talk to her.


(PS :  this is my friends story, I know I have posted another story from this account so to clear up the confusion I am saying that this is my friends story and I have her consent . We are also immigrants and where we come from having these many boyfriends at this age is not normal as in many places except AmErIcA  .) "
27	211	adjudicated	NAH	"I (28m) have been friends with John (28m) since high school and was roommates in college. We have been supportive to each other for a plethora of different situations across the years. 

The most recent is his break up with his girlfriend of 4ish years. Long story short, she was incredibly toxic and it was leading him to have a mental/depression spiral. Which lead to him living at my house for a couple of weeks and countless hours on the phone talking to him about this. 

I do not regret doing any of this, would not change what I did, and am happy I was able to help him. It did take a huge mental and emotional tole on me though if I am being honest.

However, to bring it to current day, we were recently talking on Discord as usual and he mentioned that one of his close friends and he had a falling out. It was late at night, after a long day of work and watching my lil man (single dad). 

I was about to get off when it came up and he was about to go into everything about what happened, but I cut him off and told him that I genuinely did not have the emotional energy to listen and talk about it that night. He got, somewhat, more quiet in tone and said yeah that's fine. We talked for a couple more minutes and I logged off.

That was a few days ago and I have been thinking about it since because we have not been able to talk about it in full yet, I have tried. I feel like I should have taken the time to listen then, but I was tired and no offense to him but his story telling can get long-winded. 

Am I the Asshole for not being there for my friend, or was it ok that I told him I couldn't?"
480	130	adjudicated	TTA	"I have several sisters and this situation involves 2 of them. Our oldest sister (April) was dating Jack for 2 years while they were in college. She was a year ahead of him and when she graduate, she got a job offer in another state. She didn’t want a long distance relationship so she broke up with him before moving. The entire time they dated, we only met him twice so when they broke up, our family completely forgot about him.

5 years later, our youngest sister (Megan) was at an industry convention for her job and ran into Jack as he was one of the speakers. One thing led to another and they started long distance dating. Before it got serious, Megan asked April if she cared and was given “permission” to continue. April was engaged at the time and didn’t seem to care about their relationship. This year Jack moved back to our state to be closer to Megan and they eventually got engaged.

April started to make demands like being the maid of honor, vetoing the venue they picked, and not wanting to invite some mutual friends. I’m a dude and Megan’s wedding will be the first one I’ll be going to so I’m not sure April’s demands are out of line but both sisters ended up in a screaming match. I wasn’t there but I heard it got vicious.

To make a long story short, our family decided to boycott Megan’s wedding next year. Her reasoning is that Megan is breaking some rule by marrying her ex. Of course I think that’s a stupid reason. Megan and I have always been closer than the rest of the siblings so I decided I’m going to attend the wedding. Now April is on my case and saying that because I’m a guy, I don’t understand what a betrayal it is for Megan to marry her ex. Our family is saying I’m betraying April by supporting Megan’s betrayal. Now it’s this whole mess and I’m getting nonstop texts about what an ass I am."
245	103	adjudicated	TTA	"My wife (29F) and I (29m) have a 10 months old (m). We're both working full time and have a nanny for 8–9 hours a day during week days (with the flexibility to sometimes do up to 12 hours if need be). It's a setup that works for us, I stay with the little one during the night, then my wife takes him for an hour in the morning to let me catch up on sleep and in the evenings we share responsibilities evenly.

My high school class is organizing a reunion 10 years after graduating. Despite not really being in touch with nearly anyone from the group, I thought it would be fun to attend and see how everyone is doing, but I'd need to fly back to my home town for it (\~3 hours) and so I asked my wife for opinion — initially suggesting I'd stay two days to also visit family and some friends, but even one day would be fine. The reaction I got was close to calling me an asshole for wanting to 'get out' at all and leave her alone with the child.

Later my wife mentioned that this is something she wouldn't even dream of doing herself because she would feel too guilty leaving our son with only one parent.I should say that this isn't the first time I'd be away from home for 1–2 nights, but it would be the first non-work related reason.

My wife hasn't traveled anywhere by herself since the birth, yet. I'll stay home in the end, but I'm wondering — AITA for not thinking this was a big deal?"
